Sloppy Joes
1 lb. hamburger1 medium onion, chopped3 T. catsup
2 T. mustard1 can chicken gumbo soup6 buns
In medium skillet, cook and stir hamburger and onion until meat is brown and onion is tender.  
Stir in catsup, mustard and soup.  Simmer 15 minutes or more until mixture thickens slightly, 
stirring occasionally.  Serve with buns.

Rueben Sandwiches
rye breadRussian dressing1 lb. Swiss or provolone1 lb. corned beef
sauerkraut, drainedbutter 
Spread butter  on rye bread.  Top with corned beef, sauerkraut, and cheese.  Spread with 
Russian dressing.  I put it in the oven at 350 or 400 until the cheese melts (about 5-10 
minutes).   You can also make the sandwich and wrap in foil and heat until cheese is melted 
or you can grill it.

Rueben Quesadillas
tortillas, Russian dressing, cheese, corned beef, sauerkraut, 10” tortillas (can be flavored)
Basically the same ingredients as above.  Spread 2 T. dressing on tortilla.  Layer 1/4 
corned beef, 1/4 sauerkraut, 2 cheese slices onto half of each tortilla.  Fold tortillas in half.  
Heat skillet coated with Pam.  Cook 2-3 minutes on each side until brown and cheese is 
melted.  Serve.

Shredded Beef Sandwiches
3-4 lb. arm cut roast or chuck roast, bonelessonion soup mixsalt, pepper
bouillon cube (I use about 4)buns  
Put that stuff on top of the roast and pour water over the meat.  Cook in slow oven 275 for 
5 or 6 hours.  When meat is tender, pull apart with forks.  You can also do it overnight or in a 
crock pot.

Grilled Chicken Fingers
2 lbs.. chicken tenders3 T. honey3 T. lemon juice1 1/2 t. ketchup
1/4 t. cumin1 t. salt
In dish combine honey, lemon juice, ketchup, salt, and cumin.  I generally double the amount 
of marinade.  Put chicken in zip lock bag and pour marinade over.  Toss to coat.  Marinade in 
refrigerator at least one hour, up to 8 hours (I also do it overnight sometimes).   Drain chicken 
and discard marinade.  I usually cook it in the oven at 350 for 30 minutes, or you can grill 
them.

Planet Hollywood Chicken Crunch
Vegetable oil for frying2 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves (or tenders)
2 c. Capt. Crunch cereal1/2 c. corn flake crumbs1/2 t. onion powder
1/2 t. garlic powder1/2 t. salt1/4 t. pepper1 beaten egg1 c. milk
Preheat oil to 350.  I do it in the deep fryer at 350 for 4 min. 30 sec.    I use tenders, but if 
you use breast halves, cut them into strips.  Smash cracker crumbs.  Combine cereals, and 
spices.  Mix egg with milk.  Dredge chicken in milk, then coat with the cereal mix.  Do this to 
all your tenders.  Fry.  Drain on paper towels.  Serve with Creole mustard Sauce.
Creole Mustard Sauce:2 T. Grey Poupon Dijon mustard3 T. mayo
1 t. mustard1 t. cream style horseradish1 t. honey.  Mix together.

Sandra Lee’s Chicken Tenders
1/2 c. flour1/2 packet southwest steak marinade mix      pepper    3 c. corn flakes
Mix egg and 1/2 c. buttermilk1 lb. tenders
Combine flour, marinade and pepper.  Soak chicken in buttermilk, toss into flour, shake off 
and dip in milk again, then crumbs.  Fry until done (my deep fryer is 4 min. 30 sec.).
Paula Deen’s honey mustard is good with them:  3/4 c. mayo3 T. honey2 T. mustard
1 T. lemon juice or juice from 1/2 lemonhorseradish to taste   2 T. orange juice 
Combine all except orange juice; stir well.  Thin to pouring consistency for dressing or 
dipping consistency for dips with orange juice.  Cover and chill for 2-3 hours.

Ham Buns
1/2 lb. ham1/2 lb. Swiss2 sticks butter2 T. spicy mustard
1/4 c. brown sugar3 T. poppy seeds3 T. Worcestershire
24 Pepperidge farm dinner rolls
Slice buns and divide ham and cheese equally between buns.  Put tops back on buns.  
Melt butter and combine remaining ingredients.  Spoon over buns, cover and refrigerate at 
least 2 hours but overnight is better.  Bake 350 for 15-20 minutes.

Ham & Cheese Sandwich
Combine:1/4 c. butter1/4 c. mayo3 T. Creole mustard1 T. onion
2 t. poppy seeds.  Mix together.Buns  hamcheese
Spread butter on buns.  Top with ham and cheese.  Wrap in foil.  Can freeze.  Bake frozen 
at 350 for 1 hour, or bake unfrozen at 350 for 20-30 minutes.

Ham Biscuits
refrigerator biscuitschopped deli meatcheese
Press biscuits into a 5” round.  Fill with meat and cheese.  Fold edge over and seal with a 
fork.  Bake at 400 for 10-13 minutes.

Wendy’s Spicy Chicken
Mix together:  1/3 c. Frank’s red hot sauce2/3 c. water
Mix together:  1 c. flour2 1/2 t. salt3 t. cayenne (or more)1/2 t. garlic powder
1/2 t. paprika1 t. pepper and onion powder

Bunsbreast filletsmayolettucetomato
I take a breast and beat to about 1/4-1/2” thickness.  I cut each breast to a size that will fit a 
bun.  Coat breast in flour, then pepper sauce, then in flour again.  Fry in pan or deep fryer at 
350 for 8-12 minutes, until brown and crispy,  I usually do it 8 minutes. 

Spicy Shrimp Burgers (Rachel Ray)
1 lb. peeled, raw shrimp1 celery stalk, chopped1/2-1 onion, chopped1 garlic
1/2 green pepper, seeded, chopped1 T. Old Bay seafood seasoningsalt , pepper 
1/2 t. cayenne or 1 t. Tabasco hot sauce1 lemon, zest      2 T. olive oil  4 English muffins
1/4 c. mayo1/4 c. chili sauce or salsa or taco saucelettucehandful parsley
Divide shrimp in half.  Put half the shrimp into food processor and grind it up.  Put in a bowl.  
Add remaining whole shrimp to bowl.  Add celery, onion, bell pepper, garlic, parsley to 
processor and grind it into a fine chop.  Add veggie mix to shrimp.  Add old bay, cayenne, 
lemon zest, salt and pepper to bowl to season.  Stir to combine.   Preheat skillet.  Add 
olive oil.  Using a large scoop, scoop 4 mounds of shrimp mix into pan.  Gently pat down.  
Fry 3-5 minutes on each side, until they firm up and shrimp turn whitish pink.  Split and toast 
muffins or buns.  Mix mayo, chili sauce.  Place burger on bun bottom top with lettuce, sauce 
and top of bun.

Buffalo Popcorn Chicken Bites (Rachael Ray)
vegetable oil for frying2 1/2 c. complete pancake mix, divided1 1/4 c. water
8 t. hot sauce (Tabasco)1 1/4 lb. chicken tenders cut into small bite size pieces
1 c. good quality blue cheese dressing (Marie’s brand)2 green onions 1 t. pepper
In a deep sided skillet heat 1 1/2 inches of vegetable oil over medium heat.  If you wish to 
test the oil add a 1 inch cube of bread.  If it turns deep golden brown in color in a count of 40 
the oil is ready.  While the oil is heating make the batter.  In a wide mixing bowl combine 2 
c. pancake mix 1 1/4 c. water and about 6 t. hot sauce.  Place the remaining 1/2 c. pancake 
mix in another wide mixing bowl.  Arrange the batter and the bowl of plain pancake mix 
near the cook top and the heating oil.  Line a plate with a few sheets of paper towels and 
keep within reach.  Once the oil is heated and ready, toss the chicken pieces in 2 t. of hot 
sauce and then toss in plain pancake mix, coat evenly and shake off excess.  The plain dry 
pancake mix will help the batter stick to the chicken.  Add some of the chicken to the batter.  
You are going to want to work in 3-4 batches coating and frying.  Using a fork, toss the bites 
in the batter.  Remove the first batch from the batter, shaking off excess as you carefully 
add them to the hot oil.  Fry 2 minutes on one side or until deep golden brown, flip and 
continue to fry for another 2 minutes or until deep golden brown all over.  Remove from the 
oil and drain on the paper towel lined plate, season with salt.  Repeat until all the chicken is 
fried.  Serve immediately with blue cheese dressing with green onions and black pepper 
stirred into it for dipping.  Garnish platter with celery sticks.

Italian Chicken Sticks (Paula Deen)
1 c. seasoned bread crumbs1/2 c. Parmesan1 1/2 t.  each of thyme and basil
1 t. oregano1/2 t. each salt and garlic powderpinch ground red pepper
8 boneless chicken breast halves, cut into 1/2 inch strips1/2 c. melted butter
Heat oven to 400.  In a pie plate combine the bread crumbs, Parmesan, thyme, basil, 
oregano, salt, garlic powder and red pepper.  Dip the chicken strips in the melted butter, 
then dredge them in the bread crumb mix.  Place the chicken strips in a single layer on a 
greased baking sheet.  Bake for 20 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.  Can be 
served with marinara sauce or honey mustard.  I cut the pieces into 1/2 x 1/2 pieces as they 
crisp better.  I also turn them over when they are half finished.  If the pieces are bigger it 
may take 10 minutes more.

Wraps
tortillasmeat  shredded cheesered/green pepperssliced olives
lettucetomato
Sauce:  I use a couple different ones--I frequently spread garden vegetable cream cheese 
on tortilla and top with stuff.  Another way is spread mayo  on tortilla and then top with salsa 
and top with stuff.  Another one is mix 8 oz. cr. cheese with Ranch dressing, top with stuff.
To fold, fold right and left edges to center over filling, fold bottom toward center and roll until 
completely wrapped.  (See tortilla wrapper).  I generally fold up the bottom and top, fold 
one side over and roll up (because I always overfill it).   Also, I wrap in saran wrap and then 
refrigerate until I need it.  If you like it warm heat at 400 for 12-15 minutes.

Stromboli Wraps
4 flavored wraps (garlic herb)1/3 c. butter6 T. parmesan cheese4 oz. salami
4 oz. provolone4 oz. capicolla or ham1/2 c. (4 oz. jar) roasted bell peppers
4 oz. mozzarella cheesemarinara or pizza sauce, heated
Lightly spread one side of each wrap with butter; sprinkle with 1 T. parmesan.  Arrange one 
fourth each of provolone, salami, capicolla and roasted peppers (cut in strips) over center of 
wrap, leaving border around edges.  Sprinkle each with 1/4 of the mozzarella.  Fold up 
wrap fashion.  Place seam side down on baking sheet.  Brush with remaining butter and 
sprinkle with parmesan.  Bake 12-15 minutes or until golden brown.  Serve with marinara or 
pizza sauce.

Three Meat Stromboli 
4 loaves (1 lb. each) frozen bread dough, thawed1/2 lb. salami, ham, pepperoni
1/2 lb. provolone2 c. shredded mozzarella1/2 c. Romano or Parmesan cheese
1 T. garlic powder, dried oregano1 t. parsley flakes and pepper1 egg yolk, beaten
Let dough rise until doubled, according to package directions.  Punch down.  Roll each loaf 
into a 15 x 12” rectangle.  Arrange a fourth of the salami, ham, pepperoni and provolone 
over each rectangle.  Sprinkle each with a fourth of the mozzarella, romano, garlic powder, 
oregano, parsley and pepper.  Roll up beginning with the long side.  Seal seams and 
ends.  Place seam down on 2 greased cookie sheets.  Brush with egg yolk.  Bake at 375 
for 25-30 minutes or until golden brown.  Let stand 5 minutes before slicing.  Serve warm.  

Emeril’s Stromboli
1/2 lb. hot Italian sausage, removed from casing and crumbled1 c. onions
1/2 c. thin sliced red and green peppers2 T. jalapenos2 T. garlic
1 t. Italian seasoning1/2 lb. ham1/4 c. pepperoni or salami1/2 c. black olives
2 c. provolone2 c. mozzarella      1 egg beaten with 1 T. water1 c. Parmesan
In a skillet cook the sausage over medium high heat until browned and the fat is rendered, 
about 5 minutes.  Remove and drain.  Discard all but 1 T. fat from pan.  Add the onions, bell 
peppers, and jalapenos and cook, stirring until very soft 4-5 minutes.  Add the garlic and 
Italian seasoning and cook, stirring for 1 minute.  Remove from heat and cool.  Make a pizza 
dough (or buy) or use frozen, thawed bread.  Roll dough out to 10 x 14 inches.  
Overlapping slightly, layer half of the ham, pepperoni, olives, provolone and mozzarella 
over the top.  Using a pastry brush, paint the border of 1 long edge with egg wash.  
Starting at the opposite long end without egg wash, roll up the dough into a cylinder, 
pinching the edges to seal.  Place on a baking sheet and repeat with the remaining 
ingredients.  Let dough rise 20-30 minutes.  Brush top of each with egg wash.  Bake until 
golden brown and crisp about 20 minutes.  Sprinkle with Parmesan and cook until cheese is 
melted about 5 minutes.  Emeril made his own dough, but you can do your own thing.

Janetta’s Sandwiches
2 boxes Steak-ums1 can sliced mushrooms3-4 green peppers  1 onion
4 beef bouillon cubes1 pkg. onion soup mixsalt, pepper, basil,      2 garlic 
Brown meat.  Sauté mushrooms, green peppers and onion.  Add to meat, then add other 
ingredients.  Simmer 1 hour.  Serve on kaiser rolls or sandwich buns. 
 
Sausage, pepper and onion hoagies (Rachael Ray)
3/4 lb. each sweet Italian sausage and hot Italian sausage2 T. olive oil2 garlic
1 onion, sliced2 cubanelle peppers, seeded, sliced1 red bell pepper
2-3 jarred hot cherry peppers, banana peppers, or pepperoncii, finely chopped
3 T. hot pepper juice, from jar4 sub rolls1 T. olive oil3 T. butter1 garlic
1 1/2 t. dried Italian seasoning, 1/2 t. each oregano, thyme, and parsley
Place sausages in skillet.  Pierce casings with fork.  Add 1” water to pan.  Bring water to boil.  
Cover, reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes.  In another skillet over medium heat add 2 T. 
oil.  Add garlic, onion, cubanelle and red peppers.  Season with salt and pepper.  Drain 
sausages and return pan to stove, raising heat to medium high.  Add a drizzle of oil, brown 
and crisp casings.  Remove and slice into 2 “ pieces on an angle and put back in pan to 
sear.  Split and toast bread under broiler.  Melt oil, butter over medium, add garlic and let 
sizzle 1-2 minutes.  Brush rolls with garlic butter and sprinkle with spices.  Combine 
peppers and onions to sausages, add hot peppers and juice.  Toss and stir.  Put on rolls.

Shrimp Salad Sandwich (Paula Deen)
1 lb. cooked shrimp, peeled2-3 hard boiled eggs, chopped3 celery stalks, mince
1/2 c. mayodash onion powdersalt and pepperold bay seasoningcelery salt
8 slices breadlettuce and tomato slices
Place shrimp in food processor and pulse until chopped.  Transfer to bowl and add eggs, 
celery, and mayo.  Mix well.  Add seasonings to taste and stir to combine.  Spread mayo 
on both sides of bread.  Heap salad onto bread, top with lettuce and tomato.  Cut 
sandwiches in half.  Serve.
 
Monster Snack:  Spicy Meat and Cheese Stromboli
1 tube refrigerated pizza dough (Pillsbury)       2 T. flour or corn meal       6 slices provolone
1/4 lb. pepperoni (about 24 slices)6 slices Italian hot ham (Capocolla)
8 slices Genoa salami2 T. olive oil          2 T. sesame seeds2 t. Italian seasoning
2 T. grated Parmigiano or Romano   1 t. crushed red pepper flakes1 t. garlic powder
pizza sauceThe Big Dipper: Simple Marinara Dipping Sauce
Heat oven to 400.  Break open dough.  Coat the dough with flour and roll out onto work 
surface.  Stretch out dough, gently spreading out the shape it has been formed into already.
Cut the dough into 4 equal pieces--cut it in half from top to bottom and side to side.  Cover 
each piece of dough with pizza sauce, 6 slices pepperoni, 1 1/2 slices cheese, 1 1/2 slices 
hot ham and 2 slices salami.  Roll each piece on an angle from corner to corner making a 
long roll that is thicken in the middle and thinner on each end.  Brush rolls with olive oil then 
mix sesame seeds, cheese and seasonings in a small cup, sprinkle and pat the mix into the 
dough.  Bake until golden 12-14 minutes.  Then serve with dipping sauce.  
Marinara Dipping Sauce:  1 T. olive oil, 3 T. garlic, 1 t. hot red pepper flakes, 1 t. anchovy 
paste (optional but recommended), 1 T. chopped flat leaf parsley, 15 oz. crushed 
tomatoes, salt and pepper.  Heat small pot over medium heat.  Add oil, garlic, pepper 
flakes and anchovy paste.  Cook  2 minutes.  Add parsley, tomatoes, salt and pepper.  
Stir sauce, bring to a bubble and simmer 5 minutes over low heat, place in bowl and serve.

Calorie Commando Cheese Steak
2 T. canola oil1 onion, sliced1 green pepper, sliced2 cloves garlic
3/4 lb. smoked turkey, shredded1 T. seasoning salt2 t. Worcestershire sauce
2 oz. light Velveeta, cubed2 (6 inch) Italian sandwich rolls4 slice provolone
heat pan with oil over medium heat.  Add the onions and peppers and sauté about 2 
minutes.  Add the garlic and stir until mixed.  Push onion mix to 1 side of pan.  On the other 
side put the turkey.  Stir until warm.  Combine all together, mix in seasoning salt and 
worcestershire.  Add the Velveeta and stir until melted.  Cut the rolls in half and divide the 
turkey mix among the rolls and top with cheese slices.  Put under broiler till cheese is 
melted.

Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich
The one I do for a group is italian or hoagie rolls, cheese whiz or provolone, deli roast beef, 
onions, green peppers, mushrooms (optional).  I put the roast beef on a bun, top with 
onions, green peppers, mushrooms which have been sautéed, top with cheese and bake 
at 400 for 5-10 minutes until cheese is melted.

Bean Cake Sandwich (Paula Deen)
3 c. leftover cooked white beans (can use canned hopefully with a ham hock flavor)
flour enough to bind patties1 T. butter1 T. veggie oilmayo
8 slices white bread1 onion sliced in rings
In a bowl, coarsely mash beans with a fork and add flour until well combined.   Shape bean 
m ix into 4 patties.  Melt butter and oil in a large skillet over medium heat.  Add patties and 
brown on both sides, till crispy.  Spread mayo on bread, top with patty and onions.

Emerils Philly Cheese Steak
2 Italian or kaiser buns1 onion, thinly sliced1/2 green pepper, thinly sliced
1 t. garlic1/2 t. salt1/4t. pepper1/2 lb. rib eye steak, thinly shaved/ sliced
1/3 lb. thinly sliced American, Provolone or 4 oz. cheese whiz
Heat oven to 200 to warm the buns.  Heat oil add onions, bell peppers and cook stirring 
until caramelized about 6 minutes.  Add the garlic, salt and pepper, and cook stirring for 30 
seconds.  Push off to 1 side of the griddle.  Add the meat to the hot pan and cook, stirring 
and breaking up with the back of 2 metal spatulas, until almost no longer pink, about 2 
minutes.   Mix in the onion mix.  Top with cheese slices and melt.  Spoon the cheesy meat 
mixture into the warm buns and serve.  Or, if using cheese whiz put the meat/veggie mix in 
a bun and spread cheese whiz on inside of bread.

Dive Brick Oven Mushroom and Turkey Cheese Sub (Top Secret Recipe)
4 mushrooms, sliced 1/2-3/4 c.1 T. butter6 oz. deli roasted turkey breastsalt
pepper1/4 c. white cheddar dipping sauce--1/2 c. heavy cream, 1-2 oz. cheddar, 1 
T. butter7” baguette, sliced open2 oz. Swiss cheese
For the sauce combine cream, cheese, and butter in small pan over medium heat and bring 
to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes.  The sauce should thicken.  If you don’t 
want to go through the effort, just buy a can of Campbell’s cheddar cheese soup and heat 
up.  Heat oven to 450.  Sauté the mushroom slices in the butter and season with salt and 
pepper.  Heat the breast in the microwave until warm.  Cut the baguette so that with the 
top off it looks like a “v” but  do not cut all the way through.  Inside the v  Spread some of 
the cheese sauce, turkey breast more cheese sauce, mushrooms.  Bake the sandwich for 4 
minutes.  Put Swiss or provolone on top and bake 2 minutes more until the cheese melts.
Put top on and slice in half for eating.  I generally just use sub buns.

Santa Fe Wraps (Paula Deen)
2 8 oz. pkg. soft cream cheese1 c. sour cream4 1/2 oz. green chilies and olives
1 c. shredded pepper jack2 T. salsa1/2 c. green onion tops, sliced1 c. chopped 
fresh spinach(I use more)2 pkgs. flour tortillas
In a bowl beat cream cheese until creamy.  Then add sour cream, green chilies, olives, 
pepper jack cheese, salsa and onion tops.  Beat at medium speed with a mixer.  Stir in 
spinach.  Spread mix over the surface of each tortilla.  Roll up tightly and cut each tortilla 
crosswise into 6 slices.  Skewer each wrap with a wooden toothpick.  Serve immediately or 
chill.  Serve with salsa for dipping.

Beef Stroganoff Sandwich
2 lb. hamburger1/2 c. chopped onion1 t. salt1/2 t. garlic powder 
1/2 t. pepper1 loaf french breadsoftened butter2 c. sour cream
2 tomatoes, seeded and diced1 green pepper, diced 3 c. shredded cheddar
In skillet brown beef and onion.  Drain.  Add salt, garlic powder and pepper.  Cut bread in 
half lengthwise.  Butter both halves and place on baking sheet.  Remove meat mix from 
heat.  Stir in sour cream.  Spoon onto bread.  Sprinkle with tomatoes, green pepper and 
cheese.  Bake at 350 for 20 minutes or until the cheese is melted (bake longer for crisp 
bread).

Baked Quesadillas (Rachael Ray)
6 8” tortillas1 c. pepper jack, shredded1 c. cheddar, shredded3 gr. onions
Paint one side of 2 tortillas with oil and place them oiled side down on a cookie sheet.  Mix 
the cheddar with green onions and divide between 2 tortillas.  Top with another tortilla and 
top each with pepper jack cheese.  Set the last tortilla on top and brush with oil.  Bake at 
300 for 10 minutes.  Cool for 5 minutes.  Cut into 6 wedges.

Maureen’s Quesadillas
Chicken breast, cut in cubestaco seasoning mix        peppers, red, green, orange
tortillas (burrito size)cheese 
Cook chicken until done.  Add taco seasoning mix and water and cook until done.  Cook 
chopped peppers until tender.   Spray PAM in bottom of skillet.  Put tortilla on top.  Top 
with chicken, peppers and cheese.  Fold other side of tortilla over.  After a few minutes, flip.  
I cook both sides until cheese is melted.

Vegetarian Tacos
8 taco shells3 c. shredded cabbage1 c. onion, sliced1 c. julienned red 
pepper2 T. veg. oil2 t. sugar15 oz. black beans, rinsed and drained
1 c. salsa1 can green chilies1 t. chili powder1 t. garlic1/4 t. cumin
1/2 c. cheddar1 medium ripe avocado, peeled and sliced
Heat taco shells according to package directions.  Meanwhile in a large skillet sauté 
cabbage, onion and red pepper in oil for  minutes or until crisp tender.  Sprinkle with sugar.  
Stir in beans, salsa, chilies, chili powder, garlic and cumin.  Bring to a boil.  Reduce heat; 
cover and simmer for 5 minutes or until heated through.  Spoon into taco shells.  Garnish 
with cheese and avocado.

Hot Turkey Bunwiches
1 1/2 c. chopped turkey2 hard cooked eggs, chopped1/3 c. onion
1/2 c. celery1/2 c. mayo1/8 t. salt and pepper4 t. butter 4 buns
In a bowl combine the first eight ingredients.  Spread butter over sides of each bun.  
Spread about 2/3 c. turkey over each bun bottom.  Replace tops.  Wrap individually in foil  
Place on baking sheet.  Bake at 375 for 15-20 minutes or until cheese is melted.

Ranch Chicken Salad Sandwiches
1/4 c. mayo3 T. ranch dressing3 T. sour cream1 T. lemon juice1/8 t. pepper
2 c. cooked chicken breast1/2 c. diced celery2 T. diced sweet red pepper
1 T. green onion6 hamburger bunslettuce and tomato slices
In a small bowl, combine mayo, ranch dressing, sour cream, lemon juice, and pepper.  Stir 
in chicken, celery, red pepper and onion until combined.  Spoon 1/3 c. onto each bun 
bottom; top with lettuce and tomato.  Replace bun tops.

Pizza Burgers
1-1 1/2 lb. hamburger1 small can grated spam1/2 t. oregano1 onion
1 can pizza saucebunscheese slices-mozarella or american or grated
Brown hamburger.  Add spam, oregano, onion and pizza sauce.  Simmer for a few minutes 
until onion is tender.  Split buns and place halves on a cookie sheet.  Top each bun halve 
with meat mix, top with cheese.  Bake at 350 for 20 minutes.  You may want to slowly add 
the pizza sauce so it doesn’t become soupy.

Spam Burgers
1 small can spam, ground1/4 lb. grated cheddar cheese1 onion
1 can mushroom soupbuns
Mix spam, cheese, onion and cr. of mushroom.  Spread on bottom buns, replace with top 
buns.  Wrap in foil.  Bake 20 minutes at 350.

Chicken or Turkey Spanakopita Burgers  (Rachael Ray)
1 T. olive oil1 T. butter3 cloves garlic1 red onion, half chopped, half sliced
10 oz. defrosted spinach2 t. oregano1/4 lb. feta1 1/3 lb. ground chicken or turkey
1 T. montreal steak seasoning1/3 seedless cucumber, thinly sliced lengthwise
2 plum tomatosalt and pepper1 c. arugula, chopped4 crusty rolls
Heat a nonstick skillet over medium heat.  Add a little olive oil and a T. of butter.  When 
butter melts, add chopped garlic and red onion.  Cook for 5 minutes.  Transfer onions and 
garlic to a bowl to cool.  Return pan to heat.  Wring the defrosted spinach dry.  Separate the 
spinach as you add it to the bowl with cool onions, garlic and season with 1 t. of oregano.  
Add in feta then chicken, steak seasoning and a drizzle of olive oil.  Mix and form into 4 
patties.  Raise heat on pan to medium high.  Add patties and cook 6 minutes on each side. 
Place cooked burgers on roll bottoms.  Top with sliced cucumber, tomato. sliced onion, 
shredded argula and hot peppers if desired.  Spread topping on top of rolls.
Topping:  2 roasted red peppers1/4 c. flat leaf parsley1/4 c. kalamata olives
hot pepper rings, optional     Put in food processor, season with salt and pepper and 
process until a paste forms.

Sausage, Pepper and Onion Burgers (Rachael Ray)
3/4 lb. hamburger3/4 lb. ground pork1/2 T. fennel seeds        6 cloves garlic,  minced
1/4 c. flat leaf parsley leaves, chopped1 to 1 1/2 t. crushed red pepper flakes
2 handfuls grated Parmigiano Reggiano1 T. grill seasoning (Montreal Steak Seasoning)
3 T. olive oil    2 large onions, thickly sliced1 red and 1 green pepper, seeded and
thickly sliced2 large or 4 small Cubanelle peppers, seeded and thinly sliced
salt and pepper4 Kaiser rollsprovolone cheese
In a bowl, combine the ground beef and pork with the fennel seeds, garlic, parsley, crushed 
red pepper flakes, Parmigiano, grill seasoning and  T. of olive oil.   Mix all together well and 
make your burgers about 1” thick.  Drizzle them with olive oil, cook on the grill about 6-8 
minutes per side.  Rachael made four burgers, but I used 1 lb. of both meats and made 9 
burgers.  Place a large sauté pan over medium high heat, add 2 T. olive oil.  Add the 
onions, and bell and Cubanelle peppers and season with salt and pepper.  Cook stirring 
occasionally until the onions and peppers are tender, about 8-10 minutes.  Split the rolls 
and toast briefly on the grill, until just marked.  Place a patty on a roll, top with 2 slices of 
cheese and the onion pepper mix.  I used 1 red, green, cubanelle, and onion.  I also put 
the pepper mix on the bottom, topped with a burger, and then top with cheese.  Dad and 
Steven liked these better than plain hamburgers.

Pizza Sandwiches
8 slices Italian bread8 slices mozzarella cheese8 slices tomato
4 t. Parmesan1/4 t. garlic salt24 slices pepperoni    1/4 c. softened butter
On four slices of bread, layer one slice of mozzarella, two slices of tomato, 1 t. Parmesan 
cheese, dash of garlic salt and six slices pepperoni.  Top with remaining mozzarella and 
bread.  Spread outside of sandwiches with butter.  On a hot griddle, toast sandwiches for 3-
4 minutes on each side or until golden brown.  Serve with pizza sauce.  I spread some 
pizza sauce on one side of the bread before putting the cheese on.

Parmesan Chicken Fingers
1 1/4 c. buttermilk3/4 t. hot pepper sauce1 lb. chicken tenderloins1/4 c. mayo
5 T. Parmesan cheese, divided2 T. sour cream1 T. lemon juice
1/2 t. onion powder1/4 t. garlic powder3/4 c. seasoned bread crumbs
In resealable plastic bag, combine 1/2 c. buttermilk and pepper sauce; add chicken.  Seal 
bag, turn to coat; refrigerate 30 minutes.  In another bag, combine bread crumbs and 3 T. 
cheese.  Drain and discard marinade.  Add chicken to crumb mix; seal bag and shake to 
coat.  Bake chicken in greased 15x10 pan at 450 for 15 minutes.  For dipping:  combine 2 
T. cheese, mayo, sour cream, juice, powders and 3/4 c. buttermilk.  Cover and refrigerate.

Black Bean Chimichangas
1 8.8 oz. pouch ready to serve Mexican style rice and pasta mix1 can black beans
1 c.  medium salsa         4 oz. Mexican 4 cheese blend  2 c. deli roasted chicken (opt.)
10 8” taco size flour tortillas     1/4 c. melted butter    Toppings:lettuce, tomato, olives, sour 
cream, guacamole
Heat rice according to package directions.  Stir together rice, salsa, beans, and cheese, and 
chicken.  Spread 1/2 c. rice mix just below center of each tortilla.  Fold bottom third up and 
over filling of each tortilla, just until covered.  Fold left and right sides of tortillas over, and roll 
up.  Place seam sides down on a lightly greased pan.  Brush tops of tortillas with melted 
butter.  Bake at 400 for 15-18 minutes or until golden brown.  Serve with toppings.

Beer Brats and Kraut
3 bottles beer6 brats1 large jar sauerkraut 6 bunsmustard
Place beer in pot and heat over medium heat.  Place brats and kraut in beer and simmer for 
approximately 10 minutes.  With tongs, remove brats from beer and place 1 in each bun.  
Using a slotted spoon, cover brat in sauerkraut.  Drizzle mustard on top of kraut. 

Hot Turkey Sandwiches
1 pkg. chicken stuffing mix4 slices toasted white bread1 lb. thin slice deli turkey
1 cup turkey gravy
Prepare stuffing mix according to package directions.  Place toast on a plate; top with turkey, 
stuffing and gravy.  Microwave for 30-40 seconds.  Serve.

Hearty Sausage Sandwich
1 lb. Italian sausage1 onion1/2 c. chopped green pepper1 garlic, mince 
8 oz cubed cream  cheese1/4 c. fresh mushrooms1/4 c. Parmesan cheese
1/4 c. water1/4 t. oregano  1 loaf unsliced Italian bread 1 1/2 c. (6 oz) mozzarella shred    
In large skillet cook sausage, onion and green pepper and garlic over medium heat until 
meat is no longer pink; drain.  Add the cream cheese, mushrooms, parm cheese, water and 
oregano.  Cook and still until cheese is melted.  Cut bread in half horizontally; hollow out top 
and bottom, leaving a 3/4 inch shell.  Place bread bottom on baking sheet.  Sprinkle with 
half the mozzarella cheese; top with sausage mix and remaining cheese.  Replace bread 
top.  Bake at 375 for 15 minutes or until cheese is melted.

Grilled Tomato Cheese Sandwiches
3/4 c grape tomatoes, chopped or roma1 green onion sliced    8 slices Italian bread
4 slices cheddar cheese4 slices swiss cheese4 slices provolone
4 slices monterey jack cheese8 t. butter, softened
Sprinkle tomato and onion over four bread slices.  Layer with cheese slices; top with bread.  
Butter outsides of sandwiches.  Toast on heated griddle for 2-3 minutes on each side until 
bread is golden brown and cheese is melted.

Sassy Tailgate Sandwiches
12 Hawaii sweet rolls, split1 lb. black forest ham12 oz. gruyere cheese, sliced
8 oz. Ph. chive and onion cream cheese1/2 c. melted butter1/4 c. Parmesan
1 t. Worcestershire1 1/2 t. minced onion
Arrange bottoms of rolls in a greased 9 x 13 pan.  Layer with ham and Gruyere.  Spread 
each roll top with cream cheese and put on gruyere.  In a small bowl combine butter, parm, 
worcheshire and onion.  Pour over sandwiches.  Let stand for at least 20 minutes.  Cover 
and bake at 350 for 20 minutes or until heated through.