Seafood Bisque
8 T. flour8 T. butter1 qt. whole milk1 t. garlic powder, salt, pepper
1/2 c. sherry   2 T. butter  1/2 lb. each scallops, shrimp, crab2 t. Accent
Make a roux of flour and butter.  Place milk in double boiler and add garlic, salt, and pepper.  
When milk is hot add roux and blend well.   Cook over medium heat until it thickens.  Melt 2 
T. butter with sherry, add seafood and sauté 2 minutes.  Fold all ingredients together.  Turn 
off heat and let stand 30 minutes so flavors marry.  Reheat and serve.
Ground Beef, Andouille Smoked Sausage and Cabbage Jambalaya (Prudhomme)
1 T. veggie oil1 1/2 lb. hamburger       3/4 lb. andouille or kielbasa, cut in slices
1 T. salt1/2 t. cayenne pepper3/4 t. pepper2 c. chopped gr. pepper
1 1/2 c. onions1 c. celery, green onions1/2 c. chopped fresh parsley
1 T. garlic1 1/4 c. cajun tomatoes7 c. chopped cabbage4 3/4 c. beef stock
2 c. uncooked converted rice
Place the oil in 6 qt. pan.  Add beef and place over high heat, breaking meat up- into small 
chunks.  Add the sausage and cook until the hamburger is browned, about 4 minutes, 
stirring occasionally and continuing to break up meat chunks.  Stir in the salt, red and black 
peppers, cook about 2 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add the bell peppers, onions, celery, 
green onions, parsley, and garlic; cook about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add the 
tomatoes and cook and stir about 2 minutes more.  Now add the cabbage and do not stir.  
Cover pan and cook about 25 minutes; stirring occasionally after mixture on the bottom has 
browned and scraping pan bottom well.  Stir in 1 1/2 c. stock, scraping bottom until 
sediment is dissolved.  Cook uncovered about 15 minutes, stirring and scraping 
occasionally.  Add 1 1/2 c. more stock cook about 10 more minutes, and then add 1 3/4 c. 
stock.  Add the rice, stirring well.  Cover pan, reduce heat to very low, and cook about 25 
minutes.  Check after about 20 minutes to make sure mix isn't scorching.  Remove pan from 
heat and let sit covered until rice is tender, but still a bit crunchy, about 25 minutes more.  Stir 
well and serve immediately. 