Chicken Pasta
2-4 T. butter2 breast halves, cut up1 of each green, red pepper1 garlic
1 onion, diced1 tomato, chopped    1 c. chicken stock      3/4 t. cayenne pepper 
2 t. cajun seasoning salt, peppercan mushrooms8 oz. heavy cream

Penne pasta or fettuccine
Melt butter in pan.  Add chicken and cook until no longer pink about 6-10 minutes.  Remove 
from pan.  Cook peppers, onion, garlic in pan about 5 minutes.  Add mushrooms and 
chicken.  Add seasonings--cajun, salt, pepper, cayenne.  Cook a few minutes.  Add 
tomato, stock and cream.  Cook all together on low.  Add cooked pasta, mix, and heat a 
few minutes longer. 

Ruby Tuesday  Sonora Chicken Pasta
1 lb. velveeta or 1 16 oz. jar cheese whiz1/2 c. heavy cream2 T. minced red chili pepper
4 T. green chili pepper, minced4 T. onion1 garlic2 t. olive oil2 T. water
1/2 t. salt2 t. sugar1/2 T. vinegar1/4 t. cumin     16 oz. penne pasta
dash paprika      4 chicken breast halves          1 15 oz. can black beans, undrained
 2  Roma tomatoes2-4 green onions, chopped
Preheat your stovetop grill.  Combine the cheese with the cream in a small saucepan over 
low heat.  Stir often until it melts and is smooth.  Sauté the red chili peppers and 2 T. green 
chili pepper, 2 T. onion and 1/2 clove garlic in olive oil for a couple minutes then add the 
water to the pan so that the peppers don’t scorch.  Simmer another 2 minutes or until water 
has cooked off.  When the cheese is smooth, add peppers, 1/4 t. salt, sugar, vinegar, and 
cumin.  Leave on low heat, stirring occasionally until other ingredients are ready.  Pour can of 
beans with  liquid into small pan over medium heat.   Add remaining green chili pepper, 
onions, garlic, pinch salt, dash paprika.  Bring beans to a boil, stirring often, then simmer until 
everything else is ready.  By this time the beans will have thickened and the onions will be 
transparent.  Rub breasts with oil and salt and pepper.  Cook on grill for 5 minutes per side 
or until done.  When done, slice each breast into slices.  As the chicken cooks prepare the 
pasta.  Cook 12-14 minutes or until tender.  Drain.  When all is ready spoon pasta onto 
each plate, pour some cheese sauce over, add sliced breast, top with 1/3 c. black beans, 
sprinkle 1/4 c. tomato and some green onions over.  I have revised this as it’s too putsy for 
serving.  I slice the chicken into cubes and cook and add to the cheese mix.  I add the 
cooked beans to the cheese and add the tomato.  I just let folks dish their own pasta/sauce.

Chow Mein
Boil chicken meat in water (about a half pan of water).  When chicken is done remove from 
pan.  When cool, take meat off bones.  Refrigerate chicken until needed.  I usually do this 
the day before so that I can refrigerate the broth and remove the hardened fat the next day.  
Heat chicken stock.  Add 1-2 onions, celery and cook for 10 minutes after boiling.  Add 
water chestnuts, mushrooms with liquid.  Can also add bean sprouts.  Thickening:  mix 1 c. 
cornstarch, 1 T. sugar, water, soy  sauce.  Mix to get smooth, then add more soy sauce if 
needed  so that the color is slightly darker than a lunch bag.  Slowly add to stock and stir, I 
usually  add 1/2 - 3/4 of entire thickening.  Stir, and boil a few minutes, add more thickening if 
necessary.  Turn off and let season or add chicken and stir, serve.  I usually let it season for a 
while then reheat and add chicken and serve.  Grandma uses LaChoy soy sauce. 

BBQ Chicken
ThighsBBQ sauce
Put sauce in bowl.  Dip thighs into sauce.  Place thighs in pan.  Bake at 350 for 1 hour or so.

Frank’s Favorite Chicken
1 large onion, sliced3 lb. chicken cut up1/2 t. hickory smoked salt1/8 t. pepper
1/4 c. ketchup1/4 c. maple syrup2 T. cider vinegar1 T. Dijon mustard
Heat oven to 350. Place onion slices in a 9 x 13 dish.  Arrange chicken in a layer, skin side 
up on top of onion.  Sprinkle with hickory salt and pepper.   In small bowl combine ketchup, 
maple syrup, vinegar and mustard mixing well.  Pour over  chicken.  Bake uncovered for 50 
minutes, until chicken is tender.

Oven Fried Chicken
Thighs1 c. floursalt and peppermelted butter (1/4-1/2 stick)
Mix flour with salt and pepper.   Dip chicken in flour mix.  Put in pan.  Drizzle melted butter 
over chicken.  Bake at 375 for 45 min. to 1 hour.

Oven Fried Corn flake Chicken
2 eggs, slightly beaten1/4 c. milk2 1/2 c. corn flake crumbs, crushed    2 t. salt
1/2 t. pepperchicken, cut up5 T. melted butter
Mix together eggs and milk.  Mix crumbs, salt and pepper in a separate dish.  Dip chicken 
pieces into egg mix, then crumb mix.  Place on a greased 9 x 13 pan.  Drizzle with melted 
butter.  Bake uncovered for 1 hour at 350. 

Chicken Breasts
6 breasts, skinned, deboned if desired1 can mushroom soup1/2 c. sherry or wine
1 c. sour cream1 small can mushrooms with juice
Lay chicken in baking dish.  Mix other ingredients together and pour over chicken.  Sprinkle 
with paprika.  Bake uncovered 325-350 about 1 1/2  to 2 hours.  

Poppy Seed Chicken
6 chicken breast halves1 can cr. of chicken soup1 c. cr. of mushroom soup
1/2 c. sour cream15 Ritz or club crackers, crushed1/4 stick butter, melted   
2 T. poppy seeds
Coat a 9 x 13 inch pan with Pam.  Place breasts in pan.  Combine soups with sour cream 
and pour over chicken.  Combine crumbs, butter, and poppy seeds.  Sprinkle over sauce.  
Bake for 45-60 minutes at 350.

Cheesy Chicken
6 boneless breasts1 can cr.  of chicken soup1 pkg. taco seasoning      
1/2 c. milk2 c. shredded cheddar cheesetortilla chips
Place breasts in 9 x 13 pan.  Mix soup, taco seasoning, milk, and 1 1/2 c. cheese.  Pour 
over chicken.   Cover and bake at 375 for 45 minutes.  Uncover, top with crushed chips and 
remaining cheese.  Bake an additional 10-15 minutes.  

Dinner Party Chicken Breasts
6 boneless breasts1 clove garlic1 c. sour cream2 T. lemon juice
1 t. each seasoned salt, salt, paprikadash tabasco1 c. fine bread crumbs
1/2 c. melted butter
Mash garlic and mix with sour cream, lemon juice and seasonings.  Coat  chicken with sour 
cream mix.  Cover and refrigerate several hours or overnight.  Butter a dish.  Remove 
chicken and roll in bread crumbs.  Arrange chicken in dish.  Drizzle butter over chicken.  Bake 
at 350 for 50 minutes or until chicken is golden brown.

Breaded Chicken
Dip each breast in bread crumbs.  Bake 30 minutes at 350.   Remove from oven.   Add 
1/2 - 1 c. white wine.   Put a slice of provolone or muenster cheese on top and bake 15 
more minutes.

Karen’s Stuffed Breasts
3 T. butter2 leeks, cut into 2” pieces2/3 c. plus 3 T. whip cream    salt and pepper
4 boneless breasts1 c. chicken stock8 oz. fresh mushrooms1 c. wine
2 T. flourbread crumbs
Melt butter.  Add leeks and cook until almost soft, about 5 minutes.  Add 3 T. cream, salt 
and pepper.  Cook until  leeks are soft and liquid evaporates, about 15 minutes.  Cook 
mushrooms down and drain.  Pound the breast to 1/4” or so.  Spread 1 T. leek mix over 
breasts.  Roll up tightly and tie with a string.   Dredge breasts in bread crumbs.  Bake at 
350 for 30 minutes.  Prepare sauce:  Mix flour, 2/3 c. cream, chicken stock, wine, 
mushrooms, and any leek leftovers.  Cook until as thick as you want.  (This is not as thick as 
gravy, but you can make it thicker by using more flour.)  To serve, put 1 T. sauce on plate; 
top with breast and spoon sauce over.
Can also do slightly different--I have done it the same up to the string part and then instead 
of dredging in crumbs brush chicken with oil.  Put chicken in ovenproof skillet.  Bake for 25 
minutes.  Transfer to platter.  Cut strings and remove.  Sauce can be 2/3 c. cream, chicken 
stock and leek leftovers in same pan.  Boil until reduced to 2/3 c. about 5 minutes.  Stir in 
1/4 c. toasted walnuts.  Put 1 T. sauce on plate, cut each breast into 5 slices.  Put slices on 
sauce and spoon sauce over.

Company Chicken
5 boneless breasts        5 slices Swiss, muenster, or provolone        1 can cr. chicken soup
1/4 c. white wine, sherry or water1 c. herb dressing1/4 to 1/2 c. butter 
Place chicken in baking dish.  Top each with a slice of cheese.  Combine soup and wine.  
Pour over chicken.  Top with dressing mix and dot with butter.  Bake at 250 for 2 hours or 
350 for 1 hour.  Serve over rice.

Parmesan Chicken
3 lb. chicken pieces1/2 c. Parmesan1/4 c. flour1 t. paprika1/2 t. salt
dash pepper1 beaten egg2 T. milk
Rinse chicken; pat dry.  In plastic bag combine cheese, flour, paprika, salt and pepper.  In 
shallow dish combine egg and milk.  Dip chicken in egg mixture.  Place chicken 2-3 pieces at 
a time in plastic bag.  Close bag and shake to coat chicken.  Place chicken in 9 x 13 pan.  
Bake at 375 for 45-55 minutes or until chicken is tender.   Serve.

All  Hands Stuffed Chicken Breast
6 boneless breasts2 T. olive oil   1 clove garlic         1/4 lb. feta cheese, crumbled  
1/2 lb. spinach, washed and chopped1/4 c. milk2 eggs, beaten
1 c. Italian bread crumbspeanut oil for pan frying2 T. butter1 T. flour 
1 c. sliced mushrooms1 c. chicken stock1 c. white winejuice of 1/2 lemon
1/4 c. chopped parsley for garnish
Pound each breast between 2 sheets of plastic until double in area size but not torn.  Heat 
a large pan and add olive oil and garlic.  Stir for a minute and add the spinach.  Sauté the 
spinach until barely wilted.  Add salt and pepper to taste.  Cool and drain in a colander.  Lay 
each chicken flat on the counter and salt and pepper to taste.  Divide spinach in a layer on 
each piece of chicken and add a bit of the cheese.  Roll up and hold together with toothpicks 
or string.  Mix the milk with the eggs and dip each piece into the egg wash and then dredge 
in bread crumbs.  Pan fry in a bit of peanut oil until golden brown, turning once.  Remove 
the pieces to a pan and cover.  Bake at 350 for 30 minutes.  In the meantime to prepare 
the gravy.  Drain fat from the frying pan, leaving scrapings in the pan.  Heat the pan and add 
butter  and mushrooms.  Sauté until tender and then stir in the flour, being careful to keep 
stirring as it thickens.  Add the chicken stock, wine and lemon juice.  Cook until thickened, 
stirring with a wire whip.  Check the seasoning--add salt and pepper if necessary.  Pour the 
gravy over the chicken rolls and serve with a parsley garnish.

Chicken Parmesan (Aunt Ida’s)
1 recipe spaghetti sauce, bottled with onions, spices added or make your own
1 lb. pork sausage (jimmy dean mild) Brown and add to spaghetti sauce
Brown 4 breasts on stove top.  Put sauce in bottom of baking dish.  Put breasts on top.  
Bake 1 hour at 350.  The last 15 minutes put any white cheese on tope of chicken.  Watch 
carefully or it will burn.  Boil thin spaghetti, drain. Serve breasts and sauce over the noodles.

Chicken Parmigiana
1 T. cornstarch1 14 1/2 oz. can Italian stewed tomatoes1/3 c. Parmesan cheese
1/3 c. Italian seasoned bread crumbs 4 boneless breasts3 T. olive oil
4 slices Mozzarella
In small pan dissolve cornstarch in tomatoes.  Cook, stirring constantly until thickened, keep 
hot.  Combine bread crumbs with Parmesan.  Pound chicken to 1/4” thick, dip into crumbs 
coating well.  Fry in oil 3-4 min. on each side.  Place cheese on each piece of chicken.  
Cover and cook until chicken is done and cheese is melted.  Top with sauce.     

Orange Baked Chicken
6 chicken pieces, skinned1/3 c. sliced green onion1/4 t. crushed rosemary 
1/2 t. paprika1/8 t. pepper2 T.  flour2 c. orange juice
Place chicken in pan meat side up.  Sprinkle onion, rosemary, paprika and pepper over 
chicken.  Blend flour and orange juice.  Pour over chicken.  Bake uncovered at 350 until 
chicken is tender about 60 min.  Basting chicken frequently with juice.

Chicken With Orange Sauce
4 chicken breasts       1/4 c. flour with salt and pepper1 onion
1 can orange juice concentrated
Slice and fry onion in butter until clear.  Remove from pan and save.  Brown flour dusted 
chicken in remaining butter.  Place onions on top of chicken and add orange juice concentrate 
and enough water to cook.  Bake at 300 for 1 1/2 hours.  Serve with rice.

Chicken Elegante
2 c. Stove top1 c. boiling water1/4 c. butter1 jar (12 oz) chicken gravy
1 jar mushrooms, drained1-2 T. wine or apple juice4 boneless breasts
1 1/3 c. broccoli cuts, thawed
Combine stuffing mix, water, and 2 T. butter.  Let stand 5 min.  Mix gravy, mushrooms and 
wine.  Set aside.  Lightly brown chicken in 2 T. butter.  Place in baking pan; top each with 
stuffing, broccoli and gravy mix.  Cover and bake at 350 for 30 minutes.

Pan Fried Chicken Tenders
2 T. olive oil2 lb. chicken tenders2 cloves garlic6 green onions
4 T. Marsala wine2 T. lemon juicesalt and pepper
Heat frying pan.  Add the oil, chicken strips, garlic and green onions.  Sauté over high heat 
until the chicken is lightly browned and tender.  Remove from pan.  Add the Marsala and 
lemon juice, and allow liquid to reduce for a moment.  Return chicken to the hot pan and add 
salt and pepper.  Do not overcook and serve immediately.  
     
Chicken Primavera
1 can cr. of celery or chicken soup1/3 c. mayo2 t. paprika1 lb. boneless breasts
2 c. thinly sliced veggies (combo of celery, green or red pepper, green onion)   rice
In skillet blend soup mayo and paprika.  Stir in chicken and veggies.  Over med. heat, heat 
to boiling.  Reduce heat to low.  Cover; simmer 20 min. or until chicken is tender, stirring 
occasionally.

Sweet&Sour Chicken
chicken8 oz.  each Russian dressing, apricot preserves1 onion soup mix
1/4 c. water       pineapple, green pepper
Put chicken in pan.  Mix Russian dressing, apricot preserves, onions soup mix and water 
together and pour over chicken.  Cover with foil.  Bake covered at 350 for 1 hour.  Uncover 
and bake another 30 minutes with pineapple and green pepper.

General Tso’s Chicken (Emeril’s recipe)
1 large egg white3 T. cornstarch3 T. Chinese cooking wine or dry sherry
3 T. soy sauce1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1” cubes
1/4 c. chicken stock2 t. white vinegar2 t. sugarvegetable oil for frying
12 dry red chile peppers (use less--8)1 T. each minced garlic and ginger
1/2 t. red pepper flakes (use less)1/2 c. sliced green onions
1/2 c. roughly chopped lightly toasted cashewsgreen onionsrice
In bowl whisk together egg white, 2 T. cornstarch, 2 T. wine, and 1 T. soy sauce.  Add the 
chicken and toss to coat.  Cover and marinate in refrigerator for up to 2 hours.  To make the 
sauce, in another bowl, whisk remaining 1 T. cornstarch with 1 T. chicken stock until smooth.  
Add the remaining 3 T. chicken stock, 1 T. wine, 1 T. soy sauce, the vinegar, and sugar and 
whisk to combine.  Set aside.  In wok, heat enough oil to come 3” up the sides to 350.  
Remove the chicken from the marinade and carefully slide into hot oil.  Fry, turning until 
golden brown and cooked through, about 2 minutes.  Remove and drain.  Discard all but 1 
T. oil from the wok (or use a clean wok or sauté pan 1 T. oil over med. high heat).  Add the 
chile peppers and stir fry until nearly black.  Add the garlic, ginger, red pepper flakes and 
1/2 c. green onions.  Stir fry until fragrant, about 15 seconds.  Add the chicken stock sauce, 
bring to a boil, and cook stirring until the sauce thickens, about 1 minute.  Remove from the 
heat.  Arrange chicken on a platter and pour the sauce over it.  Garnish with the cashews and 
green onions.  Serve with hot rice.

Ranch Crispy Chicken
1 oz. packet ranch salad dressing1/4 c. corn flake crumbs6-8 pieces chicken with skin
Combine dressing mix and crumbs in bag. Shake chicken in bag. Bake 375 for 50 minutes.

Baked Chicken Rueben
4 boneless skinless breast2 c. sauerkraut, rinsed and drained1/4 t. salt
1/8 t. pepper1 1/4 c. Russian dressing4 slices Swiss cheese1 T. parsley
Place chicken in pan.  Sprinkle with salt and pepper.  Cover chicken with sauerkraut.  Pour 
dressing over all and top with Swiss.  Cover and bake at 325 for 1 hour.  Sprinkle with 
parsley.

Dinner In A Packet
2 large potatoes, thinly sliced2 zucchini, sliced1 medium onionmushrooms
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts1/4 c. buttersalt, pepper, oregano, basil, 
white wine   14 1/2 oz. can peeled tomato or 2 chopped tomatoes
Tear off 4 (18”) sheets of heavy duty foil.  Using half the ingredients layer potato, zucchini, 
onion and mushrooms. Drain canned tomatoes.  Top each packet with chicken, 1 T. butter 
then remaining potato, zucchini, onion and mushrooms.  Divide tomato among packets.  
Sprinkle with spices and 1 T. wine.  Bring sides of foil up and seal.  Place over coals and 
cook 30 minutes.

Chicken Hotdish
2 c. cooked chicken cover 9 x 13 pan       16 oz. cooked broccoli       1 pkg. cooked noodles
Spread 2 cans cr. of chicken soup on topMix together 1 1/2 c. mayo, 1 1/2 t. curry,
1/2 t. lemon juice spread over soup        1 c. shredded cheddar cheese(put on last 15 min.)
Bake 350 for 1 hour.  Can be made in advance and can make it smaller.

Grilled Chicken Caesars
3 chicken breasts (1 lb.)2 c. cooked, cooled rice1/2 c.  diced tomato       basil
1/2 c. diced green pepper8 T. Caesar salad dressingblack pepper
Tear off 4 sheets of foil, about 12” long.  Spray foil with nonstick spray.  Cut the breasts into 
1” cubes.    Pile 1/2 c. rice into center of each piece of foil and top with 1/2 c. chicken.  Top 
each with tomato, bell pepper and basil.  Pour 2 T. Caesar dressing on top.  Seal tightly foil 
packets.  Cook on grill over low to med. low heat for 20-25 minutes.  Allow to cool slightly 
before opening foil.  You can also do in the over for 25 minutes at 350.   Times vary by the 
hotness of your grill so it could take longer. 

BBQ Chicken with Citrus Glaze
1/2 c.  each catsup,  orange juice        1/4 c. each brown sugar, lemon juice
2 t. cornstarch1/2 t. each grated orange peel, dry mustard3 lb. chicken pieces
Combine ingredients except chicken in pan.  Bring to boil.  Cook stirring constantly until 
thickened and translucent.  Pour into jar and cover tightly.  Cool and refrigerate.  Place chicken  
on grill.  Grill 30 minutes.  Brush with glaze and cook until chicken is done, turning and basting 
every 10 minutes until done.

Hot Chicken Salad
2 cans cr. of chicken or mushroom1 c. mayo or 1/2 c. mayo & 1/2 c. sour cream
1 c. each onion and celery1 can green chilies2 cans of chicken       3-6 hard boiled eggs
4 c. crushed potato chips
Mix together reserving 1 c. crushed chips.  Put into 9 x 13 sprinkle reserved chips on top.  
Bake at 350 for 1 hour, or 400 for 30-45 minutes.

Chicken Zucchini Hotdish
4 oz. uncooked spag. noodles1 can cr. of mushroom        1 zucchini          1/2  c. onion
1/4 c. parmesan1 c. mozzarella1 clove garlic    1/2 c. milk
2 c. cubed cooked chicken
Break noodles in half.  Cook, drain.  Cook onion and garlic.  Blend in soup.  Add zucchini 
and milk.  Cook until zucchini is tender.  Stir in mozzarella.  Add noodles and chicken.  Put in 
casserole; add parmesan on top.  Bake 40 min. at 350.

Chicken or Turkey Tetrazzini
1/4 c. butter1/4 c. flour1/2 t. salt1/4 t. pepper1 c. chicken broth
1 c. whipping cream     2 T. sherry        8 oz. spaghetti, cooked, broken in small 
pieces,drain
2 c. cubed cooked chicken or turkey       1 can sliced mushrooms, drained     1/2 c. Parmesan
Melt butter over low heat.  Add flour and seasonings.  Stir till smooth.  Remove from heat 
and add broth and milk.  Return to heat and stir until boiling.  Boil 1 min.  Add sherry, stir, 
then add noodles, chicken and mushrooms.  Pour into 8 x 8 x 2 pan.  Sprinkle with cheese.  
Bake 30 minutes or until bubbly.

Goose
Stuff thawed goose with celery, onion, apple.  Bake 400 for 3 hour with aluminum foil over 
goose.  Some cookbooks heat oven to 450, then turn down to 350.
Turkey Caribe
8 turkey breast slices4 slices American cheese1/4 t. garlic powder, onion powder
1/4 t. oregano8 slices bacon.    Top each of 4 turkey slices with 1 slice cheese folded 
in half.  Combine spices; sprinkle evenly on cheese.  Top with remaining turkey.  Wrap 
each with 2 slices bacon, securing with toothpicks.  Grill 6” from coals 15-20 minutes, turning 
frequently.  Or you can do in broiler, broil 5” from heat 8 minutes, turn, broil 7 minutes more.

Emerils Tandoori Chicken
8 pieces chicken, skinless2 T. veggie oil      1/2 c. onion2 T. each garlic, ginger
1 t. jalapeno pepper, chopped1 T. paprika    1 1/2 t. salt     1 t. cumin, turmeric
1 t. coriander    1 t. garam masala     1/2 t. cayenne     1/2 c. plain yogurt    1 T. lemon juice
With a fork, prick holes in chicken.  Cut 3 diagonal slices.  Place chicken in ziploc bag.  In 
blender combine oil, onion, garlic, ginger, pepper and process to a paste.  Add paprika, 
salt, cumin, turmeric, coriander, garam masala, and cayenne, process until blended.  Add 
yogurt and lemon juice, and process to smooth sauce.  Pour over chicken.  Turn to coat 
evenly.  Refrigerate at least 4 hours, up to 24, turning occasionally.   Preheat grill.  Remove 
chicken from marinade.  Place on grill and cook 8-10 minutes on the first side.  Turn, baste as 
need, cook on second side for 8-10 minutes.  Turn and continue cooking until chicken is 
cooked through, but still tender 25-30 minutes.  You can also bake in a preheated 425 
oven for 35 minutes.

Tandoori Chicken (from an Indian Restaurant)
2 whole fryer chickens16 oz. plain yogurt1 t. saltdash pepper
1/4 t. cayenne1 t. cumin, coriander1/4 t. ginger, garlic powder      1 t. lemon juice
1/2 t. white vinegar2 t. paprika1 t. turmeric2 t. veggie oil
Cut chicken, skin and cut diagonal slices into the meat.  Combine remaining ingredients with 
the yogurt.   Pour mix over chicken and turn to coat all pieces.  Marinate in refrigerator at least 
8 hours or overnight.  Preheat oven to 400.  Roast chicken into oven 45 minutes or until 
done.  Turn several times during roasting.

Big Bucket In The Sky Fried Chicken
3 c. self rising flour2 env. of Lipton tomato cup a soup2 pkg. Italian dressing
salt, pepper.   Mix all of those together.  Dredge  chicken in flour mix.  Drizzle with 1/4 lb. 
melted butter.  Bake at 350 for 40 minutes. 

Chicken Enchilada Bake
2 T. butter1/2 c. chopped onion      1 clove garlic4 oz. green chilies, drained
1/2 c. sour cream1/2 c. sliced ripe olives1 can cr. of chicken soup2 c. chicken
4 oz. shredded cheddar cheese8 tortillas1/4 c. milk
Melt butter.  Sauté onion and garlic till tender.  Stir in 1/4 c.  olives, green chilies, sour cream 
and soup.  Mix well.   Reserve 3/4 c. soup mix and set aside.  Fold in chicken and 1/2 c. 
cheese to remaining sauce.  Warm tortillas.  Fill with chicken mix.    Can put some cheese on 
top of the chicken.  Roll up.  Place seam side down in 9 x 13.  In small bowl combine 
reserved 3/4 c. sauce and milk.  Spoon over tortillas.  Bake at 350  about 35 min.  Sprinkle 
with remaining olives and cheese and bake a few more minutes to melt cheese.

Chicken Enchiladas  Ole
2 1/2 c. chopped cooked chicken16 oz. sour cream1 1/2 c. shredded cheddar cheese
1/3 c. chopped onion12 tortillas1 1/2 c. salsa
Combine chicken, 1 c. sour cream, 3/4 c. cheese and onions; mix well.  Warm tortillas.  Top 
each tortilla with 1/4 c. chicken mix; roll up tightly.  Place seam side down in 9 x 13 pan.  Top 
with salsa.  Bake at 375 for 25 minutes.  Sprinkle with remaining cheese.  Heat a few 
minutes more and serve. 
I food process the chicken so it is more like shredded, but can do cubed.

Tacos DePollo
1/2 c. gr. pepper1 c. sour creamcheesetomato lettuceonion        
2 t Mexican seasoning2 t. margarine 1/4 t. hot pepper sauce1/4 t. salt
2 1/2 c. chickentaco shells
Sauté peppers and onion in margarine.  Reduce heat.  Add chicken, sour cream and 
seasonings.  Heat thoroughly.  Fill shells with chicken, cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion.

Turkey Zucchini Enchiladas
1 lb. turkey(or 2 c. already cooked)       1 T. olive oil1 onion1T. garlic
1 lb. zucchini, quartered and sliced   1 1/2 t. cumin      1/2 t. oregano leaves
1 c. shredded Monterey jack cheese       12 tortillas         can green chile sauce
Cook turkey if uncooked, and cut into small pieces.  Heat oil over medium  heat in skillet.  
Add onion and garlic; cook 3-4 minutes until tender.  Add zucchini, 2 T. water, cumin and 
oregano.  Cover, cook and stir over medium heat 10 minutes or until zucchini is tender.  Add 
to turkey, stir in cheese.  Warm tortilla.  Spoon 1/4 c. filling in center and roll up.  Spray 9 x 
13 pan with PAM.  Place seam side down in pan.  Brush top with green chile sauce.  Cover 
bake 30-40 minutes.  Can top with cheese and cook a few more minutes.  If you don’ t 
want to use the green sauce you can probably use salsa.

Chicken Fajitas
1/2 c. veggie oil3 T. white wine vinegar4 T. lime juice1 small onion
1 clove garlic        1 t. hot pepper sauce       1/2 t. salt, cumin1/4 t. pepper
8 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves or tenderstortillas
In a bowl combine oil, vinegar, lime juice, finely chopped onion, garlic, pepper sauce, salt 
and pepper.  Add chicken and marinate at least 1 hour at room temperature or overnight in 
refrigerator.  Can grill chicken for about 10 minutes, or pan cook, or cook in the oven at 350 
for 30-45 minutes.  Serve with salsa, sour cream, refried beans, tomato, and I also sauté 
some onion and green pepper about 5 minutes.

Enchiladas Fantastic
1 lb. ground turkey2 c. picante sauce10 oz. frozen spinach, thawed, squeezed dry
2 t. ground cumin, divided1/2 t. salt8 oz. cr. cheese12 tortillas
1 can (14 1/2 oz) diced tomatoes in juice1 c. shredded cheddar cheese
Optional toppings:  lettuce, olives, avocado, sour cream
Cook turkey until o longer pink, breaking it into small pieces with a spoon.  Add 1 c. Picante, 
spinach 1 1/2 t. cumin, and salt.  Cook and stir 5 min. until most of the liquid has evaporated.  
Add cream cheese, stirring just until melted.  Spoon 1/3 c. filling down center of each warm 
tortilla.  Roll up and  place seam side down in greased 9 x 13.  Combine tomatoes and 
remaining picante and 1/2 t. cumin.  Spoon over enchiladas.  Bake at 350 for 25-30 minutes 
or until hot.  Sprinkle with cheese, cook a few more minutes.  If you make any of  these in 
advance and refrigerate, the cooking time will be about 10 or 15 minutes longer.

Chicken Enchiladas
2 c. shredded chicken8 oz. cream cheese1 can olives, chopped gr. chilies
cheeseonion 1-2 cans green saucetortillas
Mix chicken with cream cheese, olives, gr. chilies, and onion.  Put in tortillas, top with a little 
bit of cheese.  Roll up.  Put some green sauce on bottom of pan, top with tortillas.    Pour 
remaining sauce over.  Bake 25 minutes at 350.  Top with some cheese and olives, bake 
about 5 more minutes.  If you make this in advance don’t add the sauce until later.  

Rachel Rays Turkey Chimichangas
1 lb. smoked turkey, chopped (I use deli turkey mesquite is good have them sliced thick)
1 T. chili powder2 c. cabbage slaw1-2 chipotles in adobo sauce (I use 1)
1 c. tomato sauce3 green onions4 12” tortillas     1 1/2 c. cheese2 T. oil
1 c. sour cream2 T. parsley   salt and pepper
Put turkey in bowl with chili powder.  Mix cabbage, chipotles, tomato sauce and green 
onions.  Mix with turkey.  Put cheese near 1 edge of tortilla.  Pile 1/4 of filling.  Tuck sides up 
and roll tightly.  Brush pan with oil.  Brush wraps with oil and bake 15-20 minutes at  400.

Chicken Quesadilla
chicken, cut uptaco seasoning mix        green, red, yellow peppers    cheese
Cook peppers in pan for a few minutes(5-10).  Cook chicken in pan, when chicken is done, 
add taco seasoning mix and water.  I use flavored tortillas.  Spray pan with PAM, put tortilla 
in pan, top with cheese, chicken, peppers, more cheese.  Cook 1-2 minutes on each side.  
Top Secret Recipe version of Taco Bell  sauce to go on tortilla if desired:  1/4 c. mayo
2 t. minced jalapeno slices2 t. juice from jar3/4 t. sugar1/2 t. paprika, cumin     
1/8 t. cayenne pepper, garlic powderdash salt
Mix all sauce ingredients together and cover and chill until ready to use.  Can use less 
jalapeno if want less spicy.

Southwestern Pan Fried Chicken
4 chicken breasts1 c. Cheddar     1 T. garlic      3 egg whites  2 chopped tomato 
2 t. cilantro1 chili pepper4 gr. onion1/2 c. cream
Process breasts in whites in processor.  Add remaining ingredients.  Shape into patties.  
Dip in 2 c. flour, 1 c. milk, and 4 c. bread crumbs.  Brown on both sides.  Cook in oven 7 
minutes at 350.  Top with salsa.

Spicy Turkey Cutlets
8 oz. tomato sauce1 T. veggie oil     1T. parsley  1 1/2 t. oregano leaves    1 t. salt
1 t. thyme leaves     1 clove garlic      1/4 t. crushed red pepper1 lb. turkey cutlets
Combine tomato sauce, oil, oregano, parsley, thyme, salt, garlic and crushed red pepper in 
a small bowl.  Spread 1 T. sauce over each cutlet; roll up.  Place seam side down on baking 
dish.  Spoon remaining sauce over cutlets.  Refrigerate at least 30 minutes.  Bake at 350 for 
25 minutes uncovered.

Chicken and Broccoli Low Mein
8 oz. pasta such as linguine2/3 lb. chicken breast halves, cut in chunks     1 onion
16 oz. broccoli1 T. vegetable oil1 c. sliced mushrooms1T. bottled garlic
2 t. bottled ginger3 T. reduced sodium soy sauce1T. rice wine vinegar
1 T. ketchup1 t. Asian sesame oil
Bring 2 1/2 qts. water to a boil and coo pasta until tender.  Heat oil in a 12” skillet.  Thaw 
broccoli.  Add chopped onion and cook a few minutes.  Add chicken to onion.  Add the 
mushrooms, broccoli, garlic and ginger.  Cook, stirring frequently 4-5 minutes until 
mushrooms release their liquid and chicken is no longer pink in the center.  Add the soy 
sauce, vinegar, ketchup and sesame oil to the skillet.  Stir well to blend.  Remove skillet 
from heat.  When noodles are done, drain and add to the skillet.  Stir until noodles are 
coated with sauce and combined with veggies.

Chicken and Rice 1
1 c. converted rice2 c. water1 can cr. chicken--Mix together in a 9 x 13” pan
Put browned chicken on top.  Cover with foil and bake at 350 for 50 minutes.

Chicken with Cranberries
3 lb. chicken1 c. peanut oil3/4 c. orange juice1 c. flouronion
16 oz. cranberries1/4 t. cinnamon and ginger      salt, pepper, cayenne pepper
Mix flour and salt and peppers.  Dredge chicken and panfry in oil.  Mix rest of ingredients 
and boil.  Pour over chicken and cover.  Cook slowly 35-40 minutes.
Chicken with Peanut Butter (Frugal Gourmet)
Put chicken, onion, dill, bay leaf in water and cook 45 min.  Add 1/2 c. peanut butter or more 
to hot stock.  Add 3 T. cornstarch dissolved in 1/2 c. water till thick.  Put chicken&sauce on rice

Honey and Curry Chicken
1 stick butter      1/2 c. onion2 garlic1/4 t. Dijon mustard      1/2 c. honey
1 t. salt and curry powder2 T. chutneychicken
Melt butter.  Add onion and garlic.  Add rest and stir.  Set aside to cool.  Coat chicken.  Bake 
at 400 for 1 hour.

Gourmet Stuffed Chicken Breasts
1 T. butter6 oz. long and wild rice-Uncle Bens    1/2 t. salt       2 T. onion 1 1/2 c. water
1 c. sherry3/4 c. toasted almonds6 boneless breasts      6 slices bacon, cut in half
Preheat oven to 350.  In pan melt butter.  Add contents of rice packet and onion.  Cook until 
lightly browned, stirring constantly.  Stir in water, sherry and contents of seasoning packet.  
Bring to a boil and cover.  Simmer until all liquid is absorbed, about 25 minutes.  Stir in 
almonds.  Divide rice mix into 6 mounds in a 12 x 8 dish.  Cover each mound with a breast.  
Sprinkle with salt.  Arrange 2 pieces of bacon over each breast.  Cover with foil.  Bake 45 
minutes.  Remove foil and continue baking until chicken is tender about 30 minutes. 

Lattice Top Chicken
1 can cr. of potato soup1 c. milk      1/2 t. seasoning salt        2 c. cooked  cubed chicken
16 oz. frozen vegetable combo(broccoli, carrots)    1 c. cheddar     
1 can french fried onions 1 pkg. refrigerator crescent rolls
Combine soup, milk, seasoned salt, chicken, veggies, 1/2 c. cheese and 1/2 c. french fried 
onion; place in 8 x 12 dish.  Bake at 375 for 20 minutes.  Unwrap crescent rolls; separate 
into two rectangles.  Press together perforated cuts; cut each rectangle lengthwise into 3 
strips.  Place strips on casserole to form lattice top.  Bake uncovered 15 minutes longer.  
Top lattice with remaining cheese and onions; bake 3-5 minutes or until onions are golden 
brown.

Tangy Chicken with Tomatoes and Herbs
1 onion2 cloves garlic1 t. rosemary      1/2  t. each basil, thyme
16 oz. tomatoes, drained, cut into bite size pieces3/4 c. ketchup       1 T. brown sugar
1/4 to 1/3 c. apple cider vinegar1/2 t. salt, pepper2-3 lb. skinned chicken
cornstarch-water mixcooked noodles
In skillet sauce onion garlic and herbs in oil until onion is tender crisp.  Stir in tomatoes and  
ketchup, vinegar, brown sugar, salt and pepper.  Add chicken.  Bring to a boil; reduce heat 
and simmer covered 45-50 minutes until chicken is tender.  Thicken sauce with cornstarch 
water mix.  Serve chicken and sauce with noodles. 

Chicken Deluxe
20 oz. frozen chopped spinach2 chicken breasts, cooked1 c. mayo
1 can cr. of chicken soup1-2 t. curry1 T. lemon juice1/2 c. stuffing
Cook spinach until tender and drain.  Spread spinach on bottom of 1 1/2 qt. greased dish.  
Layer chicken on top.  Combine mayo, soup, curry and lemon juice.  Pour over chicken and 
spinach.  Sprinkle stuffing on top.  Bake at 350 for 30 minutes.

Chicken and Rice 2
1 c. converted rice2 c. water1 can cr. chicken--Mix together in a 9 x 13” pan
Put browned chicken on top.  Cover with foil and bake at 350 for 50 minutes.

Light and Zesty Chicken and Rice
4 breast halves1/3 c. Italian dressing      2/3 c. rice (uncooked)   1 can french fried onion   
16 oz. frozen veggie combo 1 3/4 c. chicken bouillon1/2 t. Italian seasoning
Place breasts in 12 x 8 dish, top with dressings.  Bake uncovered at 400 for 20 min.  Place 
rice, veggies and 1/2 c. onion under chicken.  Combine bouillon and seasoning; pour over 
rice and veggies.  Bake uncovered 25 min.  Top with onions and bake 2-3  minutes.

Greek Chicken
1 quarter fryer chicken2 green peppers, sliced1 clove garlic4 T. olive oil
1 c. chicken broth1 large onion1 t. salt1/2 t. pepper
Heat oil in skillet.  Sauté garlic, onion and peppers until limp.  Set aside. In same oil, brown 
chicken.  Place chicken in casserole.  Pour green peppers over chicken with broth.   Season 
with salt and pepper.  Cover and bake at 350 for 1 hour.

Mexican Turkey Rolls
4 turkey breast tenderloin steaks (1 lb.)4 oz. can diced chili peppers, drained
2 c. cheddar cheese8 oz. salsa
Lay  turkey steaks flat.  At one end of each turkey steak place 1/4 of the diced chilies and 1 
T. cheese.  Carefully fold each steak in half over the chilies and cheese; fasten with a 
toothpick.  Arrange in a dish so fold faces the outside of the dish.  Microwave until turkey is 
no longer pink, drain liquid from dish.  Spoon salsa on top of steaks, sprinkle with remaining 
cheese.  Cook on high 2 minutes more or until cheese is melted.

Gallant Knight Chicken
3 breasts1 t. salt1/4 t. pepper1/4 t. onion powder        2 T. butter
1 pkg. chicken gravy1 can mushrooms1 c. chicken broth1/4 c. wine
1 T. basilrice
Season chicken with salt, pepper and onion powder.  Put in casserole dish.  Dot with butter 
and cook covered for 6 minutes.  Remove from microwave.  In 2 c. measure blend gravy 
mix with mushrooms with liquid, broth, wine and basil.  Cook about 2 minutes or until slightly 
thickened.  Pour over chicken.  Cover and cook on full power 9 minutes or till chicken is 
tender.

Fiesta Chicken Burgers
2 1/2 c. finely chopped cooked chicken1 c. oatmeal8 oz. plain yogurt1/4 c. onion
2 egg whites, slightly beaten5 t. lime or lemon juice4 t. cilantro or parsley
1/2 t. chili powder1/8 t. ground red pepper6 buns, tortillas, or pita bread
Line rack of broiler pan with foil; oil lightly.  Combine chicken, oats, 1/2 c. yogurt, onion, egg 
whites, 3 t. lime juice, 2 t. cilantro and chili powder; mix well.  Shake into 6 burgers.  Place on 
rack or over medium hot coals.  Broil or grill about 6 inches from heat 5-6 minutes on each 
side or until golden brown.  For sauce combine remaining 1/2 c. yogurt, 2 t. lime juice, 2 t. 
cilantro and ground red pepper; mix well.  Serve topped with lettuce, chopped red 
pepper and sauce.

South of the Border Casserole
7 oz. elbow macaroni1 lb. turkey1 onion1 c. celery1 garlic
16 oz. can whole tomatoes, cut up and undrained   1/2 c. ripe olive4 oz. green chilies
2 t. beef flavored instant bouillon1/2 t. seasoned salt   1/4 t. cumin
dash cayenne pepper6 oz. muenster cheese6 oz. cheddar cheese
Prepare macaroni and drain.  In skillet combine turkey, onion, celery and garlic.  Cook until 
turkey is browned.  Stir in rest of ingredients except the cheeses.  Simmer 10 minutes.  
Combine macaroni, meat mix and cheeses.  Put in casserole dish.  Cover.  Bake at 350 
about 20 minutes.

Light and Easy Lemon Broccoli Chicken
1 T. veggie oil1 lb. boneless breasts1 can cr. of broccoli soup
1/4 c. milk2 t. lemon juice1/8 t. pepper4 thin lemon slices
In skillet in hot oil cook chicken 10 minutes or until browned on both sides.  Spoon off fat.  
Combine soup and milk; stir in lemon juice and pepper.  Pour over chicken;  top each 
chicken piece with lemon slice.  Reduce heat to low.  Cover simmer 5 min. or until chicken is 
fork tender, stirring occasionally.

Fettuccine With Pepper Sauce
Pam1 1/2 c. broccoli florets1 pepper, (any color)1 onion1 T. oil
12 oz. chicken, cut in strips1 can cream soup  (chicken, celery, or broccoli)
1/2 c. water1 t. basil1/2 c. Swiss or cheddar8 oz. fettuccine, cooked
Spray skillet over medium heat.  Stir fry broccoli, sweet pepper and onion 3-4 minutes; 
remove from skillet.  Add oil to skillet.  Add poultry, stir fry 3-4 minutes or until no longer 
pink.  Add soup, water, and basil; mix thoroughly.  Stir in sweet pepper mix.  Bring to a 
boil, reduce heat.  Add cheese; cook and stir until cheese is almost melted.  Serve over 
pasta.

Benihana Hibachi Chicken or Steak
4 boneless beasts1 large onion2 medium zucchini2 c. mushrooms
2 T. veggie oil6 T. soy sauce4 T. buttersalt, pepper2 t. lemon juice
3 t. sesame seeds6 c. bean sprouts1 lb. sirloin steak
Slice chicken or steak into bite size pieces.  For the onion slice like to make onion rings, and 
then quarter them.  For zucchini slice them into long thin strips, then cut along 4-5 times to 
make pieces that are 1-1 1/2 inches.   Spread 1 T. oil in pan over medium high heat.  Do 
the same in another pan.   Add chicken to one of the pans with ! T. soy sauce, 1 tablespoon 
butter, dash of salt and pepper.   Add onion and zucchini to the other pan.  Add 2 T. soy 
sauce, 1 T. butter, dash salt and pepper.  When the chicken appears white on all sides 
slide the meat to one side of the pan and pour lemon juice over it, then add mushrooms to 
the other side of the pan.  Pour 1 T. soy sauce over the mushrooms, then add 1 T. butter, 
dash of salt and pepper.  Continue to stir both pans.  After 6-8 minutes when the chicken is 
done sprinkle 1 t. sesame seeds over the chicken, then mix chicken with the mushrooms.  
Serve all.  Pour bean sprouts in pan then you had the veggies and cook over high heat with 
2 T. soy sauce, 1 T. butter, dash salt and pepper.  Cook for a minute or two and serve.  If 
doing the steak, eliminate the lemon juice and sesame seeds.

Chilaquiles
1 T. canola oil    1 lb. ground turkey2 red onions     4 cloves garlic1/4 t. cumin
1 1/2 t. chili powder   4 oz. can diced green chilies, not drained     1 t. pepper, salt
15 oz. can tomatoes with with green chilies, not drained    2 c. cheddar
1 8 oz light cream cheese8 oz. sour cream8 (6”) tortillas1 bunch green onions
1/4 c. low fat mozzarella cheese
Heat oven to 350.  Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat.  Add 1 T. canola oil 
to coat bottom of the pot.  Add the ground turkey to the hot oil and brown, breaking it up as 
it cooks.  Drain meat.  To the same skillet which has a little residual fat from cooking the 
turkey, add the onions and cook over medium heat until soft; then add the garlic and cook 
until soft.  Stir in the chili powder and cumin.  Add the chilies and their juices and the 
tomatoes and their juices.  Add the meat back to the pan and stir until combined.  Reduce 
heat to low and simmer for 20 minutes or until thick.  Season with salt and pepper.  In a 
medium bowl combine cheddar, cream cheese and sour cream; set aside.  In a casserole 
dish line with half the tortillas and ladle half of the meat mix over.  Cover with half of the 
cheese mix (spread).  Top with half of the green onions.  Repeat layers 1 more time but 
leave off the rest of the green onions until later.  Bake for 45 minutes or until bubbling.  Top 
with green onions and mozzarella.  Cook a few more minutes.  Can skip the mozzarella--I 
didn’t have any the first time I made it, and it was fine. 

Mexican Lasagna 1
3 c. cooked chicken breast       15 oz. black beans, drained    1 t. garlic powder
2/3 c. diced tomato and green chilies1 t. cumin1/2 t. pepper
1 can cream of chicken and cream of mushroom soup10 oz. can enchilada sauce
9 (6”) corn tortillas4 oz. cheddar and 4 oz. monterey jack
Cook the breast, beans, garlic powder, tomato, and cumin.  Cook soups and enchilada 
sauce for 10 minutes.  Spoon 1/3 on pan.  Top with 3 tortillas.  Spread with half the chicken, 
a third of the sauce, half the cheese, top with 3 tortillas layers end with tortillas.  Bake at 350 
for 30-40 minutes.   Top with extra cheese and  cook for a few more minutes.

Spinach Turkey Meatloaf
1 1/2 lb. ground turkey     1/2 c. green onions1/2 c. shredded carrot    1/3 c. plain yogurt
1/4 c. instant potato flakes1 t. garlic salt    1/2 t. poultry seasoning1/4 t. pepper
2 egg whites      5 oz. drained chopped spinach  2 T. mayo 2 T. milk
1/4 t. nutmeg and pepper   PAM         1/4 c. shredded carrot     2 T. gr. onion and yogurt
In bowl combine turkey, 1/2 c. gr. onions, carrot, potato flakes, yogurt, garlic salt, poultry 
seasoning, pepper.  Stir in egg whites.  For spinach filling, combine spinach, mayo, milk, 
nutmeg and pepper.  Set aside.  Spray loaf pan.  Put half of turkey into pan.  Spread 
spinach in 2” strip down middle of turkey--leaving 1/2” space at ends of pan.  Spoon 
remaining turkey over.  Bake at 350 for 1-1 1/4 hours.  In small pan, cook remaining carrot 
and gr. onion in a small amount of water till veggies are crisp tender.  Serve over loaf on top 
of 2 T. yogurt.

Oven Roasted Mojito Chicken
1 chicken (3 1/2 lb.) cut into 8 pieces1 c. mojito marinade2 T. italian parsley
1 large onion, sliced  1/2” round
Marinade meat in 1 c. mojito marinade 4 hours or overnight.  Scatter onions slices on bottom 
of a pan.  Heat oven to 375.  Put chicken on top, pour remaining marinade over chicken and 
onions, roast 1 hour and 15 minutes, till chicken is golden and cooked through.  Mojito 
marinade:  1/4 c. garlic, 1/2 c. onion, 2 c. orange juice, 1/2 c. lime juice, 1/2 c. olive oil, 4 t. 
salt, 1 T. pepper, 2 t. cumin, 2 t. oregano,  1 T. cilantro.  Mix together garlic, onions, orange 
juice, and lime juice in a bowl.  Heat the olive oil in a pan, add orange juice mix and simmer 
for 5-10 minutes to soften the onions and garlic.  Season the marinade with the rest of the 
ingredients.  Pour everything in a blender and pulse to combine.  Pour into container and 
cool to room temp; then cover and refrigerate.  Keeps for us to 2 weeks.  I would do it this 
way because when we initially did it it was messy and dangerous as they put all into a 
smoking pan which could burn you. 

Moo Goo Gai Pan
1/2 lb. breastsmix these together: dash salt, pepper, 1/2 egg white, 1 t. sherry and 
cornstarch24 snow peas4 T. oil1 t. salt12 mushrooms, sliced
2 stalks celery, sliced1 clove garlic2-3” scallion2 t. soy sauce1/2 t. sugar
12 water chestnuts, sliced
Slice chicken meat and mix with the egg mix.  Heat 2 T. oil and add salt, sauté mushrooms, 
celery, water chestnuts, and snow peas for 2 minutes.  Remove from pan.  Heat 2 T. oil in 
same pan.  Fry garlic, scallions and chicken meat for 1 minute over light heat.  Add soy 
sauce and sugar and mix well.  Add cooked veggies and mix well for 1 minute.

Chicken With Cashews
2 diced chicken breasts1 eggsalt, pepper1 T. veggie oil 1 T. sugar
1 T. cornstarch in 1 T. water3 T. shortening1 small celery, slicedmushrooms
1 c. toasted cashew nutschicken stock
Break the egg into chicken meat.  Add seasonings, salad oil, sugar and cornstarch.  Mix well.  
Heat shortening in pan.  Fry chicken mix quickly.  Add mushrooms, then celery and a little 
chicken stock.  Cook for a few minutes, season with soy.  Thicken sauce with cornstarch.  
Add cashew nuts.

Pancit
2 garlic1/2 c. onions, sliced1-2 chicken breasts, cut in strips1 c. mushrooms
1 small head chinese cabbage, 3 leaves sliced at angle2 T. fish sauce
3 pkgs. chicken flavor ramen noodles
In a little oil sauté the garlic until brown, then add onions, fish sauce and mushrooms till 
tender.   Then the chicken and lastly the cabbage.  Boil the noodles till tender and put on a 
large platter.  Then put chicken and vegetable mmix on top of noodles.

Stir Fry Vegetables With Chicken Breast
1 chicken breast, diced marinated with dash salt, pepper, 1 t. sherry, and 1 t. cornstarch
1/2 lb. green beans2 carrots, cut thinly1 stalk celery, sliced1 c. mushrooms
1 c. cauliflower florets2 c. cabbage, cut in 2x2” piecessalt and pepper
2 T. cornstarch with 2 T. water 2 T. fish sauce6 T. oil1/2 onion, sliced
Sauté chicken breast in 3 T. oil till tender.  Set aside.  Heat 3 T. oil.  Sauté garlic and onions.  
Add fish sauce.  Stir in vegetables according to their tenderness.  Heat and stir for about 4-5 
minutes.  Salt and pepper to taste.  Put in cornstarch mix last and stir another 1-2 minutes.

Curry Chicken
Box of S & B Golden Curry Sauce Mix (mild, medium or hot flavor)    
1 1-1/3 lb. chicken (can use beef, lamb or shrimp)     onion   carrots, celery, bell pepper
2 1/2 c. water
Cut meat into cubes and cut up vegetables.  Stir fry the meat in oil or butter.  Add 
vegetables and cook until tender.  Add water and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat.  Cover and 
simmer until meat is tender about 10-20 minutes.  Add the sauce mix and stir until 
completely melted, about 5 minutes.  Serve over noodles or rice.

Chicken Marvalasala (Rachael Ray)
4 large thin pieces chickensalt and pepper 5 T. olive oil1 garlic cloves
3 Portabello mushrooms, sliced24 shitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced
2 T. butter1/2 c. Marsala wineRomano cheeseflour
Season chicken with salt and pepper, and a light dusting of flour on both sides.   Heat a non 
stick skillet with 2 T. olive oil over medium heat.  Add chicken to the pan and brown cutlets 
lightly on both sides.  Remove to a platter and cover with foil to hold in the heat.  To the 
same skillet add  2 T. olive oil and 1 clove garlic.  Cook for a minute or so, then remove and 
add the mushrooms.  Let the mushrooms brown evenly, until tender about 8-10 minutes. 
To the cooked mushrooms add Marsala and let reduce for 1 minute or so.  Add 2 T. butter 
to finish the sauce.  Slide chicken back into sauce to warm.  Serve.  Can be served over 
noodles.

Crispy Oven Fried Drumsticks
3 c. crushed cornflakes1/3 c. Parmesan1/2 t. salt and pepper1/4 t. 
cayenne pepper3/4 c. fat free buttermilk8 drumsticks, skinnedPAM
Combine first 5 ingredients, put in zip top plastic bag.  Pour buttermilk in shallow bowl.  Dip 
drumsticks 2 at a time in buttermilk, then in bag with cereal.  Shake, coating drumsticks.  Place 
on baking sheet with PAM.  Spray drumsticks with PAM. Bake 425 for 25-30 minutes.

Chicken in Creamy Mushroom Sauce over Chive Egg Noodles (Rachael Ray)
1 lb. egg noodles5 T. butter1 bunch chivessalt and pepper   2 T.  olive oil
2 shallots1 lb. button mushrooms1/2 t. thyme2 T. flour1/2 c. white wine
2 c. chicken poaching liquid1/2 c. cream or half and half  4 breastsnutmeg
Bring pot of water to boil, and add chicken.  Cook until done about 20 minutes.  Bring pot of 
water to a boil.  Cook egg noodles according to package directions.  Season with salt and 
pepper, toss to coat.  While the water is coming to a boil, start the mushrooms.  Place a 
large skillet over medium high heat with 2 T. of butter and 2 T. olive oil.  Add the shallots 
and cook stirring frequently for 2-3 minutes.  Add the mushrooms and continue to cook for 4-
5 more minutes until they are tender and barely golden in color.  Season the mushrooms 
with salt, pepper and thyme.  Add the flour and continue to cook for 1 minute, whisk in the 
white wine, then the chicken poaching liquid (adding slowly so doesn’t get too thin) and the 
cream.  Season with a little nutmeg and bring up to a simmer.  Slice 4 of the poached 
chicken breasts on an angle and put into the creamy mushroom sauce and simmer until the 
chicken is heated through again.  Add more of the poaching liquid if the sauce is too thick.  
Serve noodles topped with sliced chicken breast and creamy mushroom sauce.

Chicken Masala (Sandra Lee)
4 breasts1/3 c. flour2 T. oil1 onion1 t. garlic1 T. garam masala
15 oz. diced tomato, drained1/2 c. cream of chicken soup1 c. light coconut milk
salt and pepper1 c. peas (optional)rice
Shake chicken in flour.  Heat oil.  Fry breast on both sides.  Remove.  Add onion and garlic--
cook until soft.   Add rest of ingredients and bring to a boil.  Reduce to simmer, put breasts 
back in pan, and simmer 15 minutes.  Add peas, and simmer 10 more minutes.

Chicken and Penne in Rosemary Cream Sauce
1 lb. penne2 T. olive oil2 c. sliced button mushrooms2 T. garlic1 c. Marsala
4 c. cream2 T. chopped fresh rosemarydash tabascokosher salt 
pepper6 breasts, grilled and diced         grated romano or parmesan for garnish
Cook pasta in boiling water until al dente.  Drain and set aside.  Heat olive oil in pan over 
medium heat.  Add mushrooms and garlic, and sauté 3-4 minutes until mushrooms are 
softened and lightly browned.  Transfer mushrooms to a plate.  Add marsala to the same 
pan and raise heat to high.  Cook stirring frequently to prevent scorching, until reduced by 
half, about 10 minutes.  Add cream and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat and simmer until 
thickened, about 10 minutes.  Return the cooked mushrooms to the pan and add rosemary 
and Tabasco.  Season to tasted with salt and pepper.  Add cooked pasta and grilled, diced 
chicken.  Toss until combined and heated through.  Top with cheese.  Serve.

Wild Rice and Chicken Casserole
1 6 oz. package long grain and wild rice1 onion, chopped2 medium gr. or red 
peppers1/2 c. sliced mushrooms1 T. olive oil3 c. chopped cooked chicken
1 can cream of mushroom soup1 c.  shredded sharp cheddar1/2 c. sour cream
1/2 c. chopped toasted pecans2 T. sherry, optional
Cook rice according to package directions.  Sauté onion, pepper and mushrooms in hot oil 
5 minutes or until tender.  Add rice, chicken and next 4 ingredients; add sherry if desired.  
Spoon into greased casserole dish.  Bake at 325 for 35 minutes.  Serve.

Thai Chicken Fettuccine
1 c. salsa1/4 c. creamy peanut butter2 T. Orange juice2 T. honey
1 t. soy sauce8 oz. fettucine3/4 lb. chicken breast, cut in strips1 T. v. oil
1 medium red pepper, julienned1/4 c. minced fresh cilantro
Cook fettucine and drain.  Microwave first 5 ingredients for 1 minute.  Stir and set aside.  In 
pan cook chicken in oil over medium heat 3-5 minutes or until browned.  Add red pepper; 
cook and stir until crisp tender.  Top fettuccine with chicken mix and sauce, top with cilantro.

Lime Chicken and Shrimp Kabobs
2/3 c. veg. oil3 limes, juiced2 T. vinegar1 T. sugar1/4 t. crushed red pepper
1 red pepper, cut in 1” pieces1 red onion, cut in 1” pieces
16 oz. can pineapple rings, drained and cut into 1” pieces1/2 lb. large shrimp, peeled
6 breasts, cut into 1” pieces
In a small bowl, whisk oil, lime juice, vinegar, sugar and crushed red pepper.  In a shallow 
dish or resealable plastic bag, combine bell pepper, onion, pineapple, chicken and shrimp.  
Pour lime mix over chicken mix.  Seal bag and refrigerate 4-6 hours to marinate.  Heat grill to 
350 to 400.  Using tongs remove chicken, vegetable pieces, pineapple and shrimp from 
marinade; discarding marinade.  On the skewers thread 1 piece of chicken, 1 piece of 
pepper, 1 piece of onion, and 1 piece of pineapple, alternating to fill skewer.  Do same 
thing with shrimp alternating shrimp, pepper, onion and pineapple to fill skewer.  Place 
chicken kabobs on grill, cover with grill lid and cook for 15 minutes until chicken is cooked 
throughout, turning occasionally.  Place shrimp kabobs on the grill, cover with grill lid and 
cook for 6-8 minutes or until shrimp are cooked throughout, turning once.  Serve.

Thai Glazed Chicken Lettuce Wraps
1 lb. thin cut chicken breast meatMontreal seasoning   2 T. v. oil
2 T. minced ginger root4 cloves garlic       1 large red pepper, seeded and thinly sliced
1 c. packaged shredded cabbage and carrot mix3 gr. onions, cut on an angle
1/2 c. plum sauce2 c. basil leaves, loosely packed1 T. fish sauce
1/2 head iceberg lettuce, cut in half or bibb lettuce1/2 seedless cucumber, chopped
Thinly slice the chicken into strips and sprinkle with grill seasoning.  Heat large skillet to 
screaming hot.  Add vegetable oil, then chicken.  Cook chicken 2 minutes, stirring constantly.  
Add the ginger, garlic, peppers, cabbage and carrot mix and scallions and stir fry another 2 
minutes.  Add plum sauce to glaze the mix, toss 1 minute, then add basil and wilt leaves.  
Add fish sauce and turn to coat.  Transfer cooked chicken and vegetable to a bowl.  Place 
spoonfuls of chicken into a piece of lettuce with cucumber and fold lettuce over to eat, like 
small tacos.   Serve with Hot and Cold Sesame Noodles.  Recipe follows.

Rachael Ray’s Hot and Cold Sesame Noodles
1/2 lb. spaghetti1/4 c. Tamari dark soy1/4 c. smooth peanut butter, micro for 15 
seconds2 T. cider or rice wine vinegar1 T. dark sesame oil1-2 T. hot sauce
2 c. shredded cabbage and carrot mix1 c. bean sprouts3 green onions
2 T. sesame seeds
Cook pasta to al dente, with a bite to it, then shock it to stop the cooking process by running 
it under cold water in colander.  Drain the pasta well.  In the bottom of a large bowl, whisk 
together soy, peanut butter, vinegar, oil, sesame oil, and hot sauce.   Add noodles and 
veggies and toss to combine the noodles and coat them evenly with sauce.  Sprinkle 
green onions and sesame seeds throughout and serve.

Barbecue Chicken Burritos
1/2 lb. skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1/2 inch cubes1 1/2 c. green peppers, julienned
1 c. chopped onion4 T. vegie oil, divided1/2 c. barbecue sauce
1 1/2 c. shredded Mexican cheese blend4 10 inch tortillas, warmed
In a large skillet over medium heat, cook the chicken, green peppers, and onion in 2 T. oil for 
6-8 minutes or until chicken juices run clear.  Stir in barbecue sauce.  Bring to a boil.  Reduce 
heat; simmer for 1-2 minutes or until heated through.  Sprinkle cheese down the center of 
each tortilla; top with the chicken mix.  Fold sides and ends over the filling and roll up.  In a 
large skillet over medium heat, brown burritos in remaining oil on all sides.  Serve with lime 
wedges, sour cream, lettuce and tomatoes, if desired.

Chicken Rice Casserole
2 T. oil1 onion Saute together.
Add to onion3 c. cooked chicken2 15 oz. cans green beans, drain and rinse
8 oz. water chestnuts, chopped4 oz. pimento1 cr. of celery soup
1/2 c. mayo1/2 c. sour cream6 oz. box cooked wild rice1 c. cheddar cheese
Put in greased pan and bake for 20-25 minutes.

Mashed Potato Chicken Roll-ups
6 6 oz. chicken breasts24 oz.  refrigerated cheddar mashed potato, divided
10 oz. frozen chopped spinach thawed1 c. flour2 eggs2 T. water1 1/2 
c. seasoned bread crumbs1 can cr. of mushroom soup1/2 c. milk
Flatten chicken to 1/2 inch thickness.  Spread with 2 T. potatoes down the center of each; 
top with spinach.  Roll up and secure with toothpicks.  Place flour in shallow bowl.  In another 
bowl, whisk eggs and water.  Place bread crumbs in third bowl.  Coat chicken with flour, dip 
in egg mix, then roll in crumbs.  Place seam side down in a greased pan.  BAke uncovered 
for 40-45 minutes.  In small pan combine soup and milk, heat until heated through.  Heat 
rest of the potatoes.  Discard toothpicks; serve chicken with sauce and potatoes.

Bacon Chicken Roll ups
12 bacon strips6 4 oz. chicken breasts8 oz. cr. cheese1 sweet onion sliced
Cook bacon until cooked but not crisp.  Remove to paper towels.  Flatten chicken to 1/8 in 
thickness.  Spread cr. cheese down the center of each breast.  Top with onion.  Roll up from 
a long side; tuck ends in.  Sprinkle with salt and pepper.  Wrap 2 bacon strips around each 
piece of chicken; secure with toothpicks.  Place in greased pan and bake at 350 for 35-40 
minutes.  When I did this I would undercook the bacon because it was overcooked.

Chicken Fettuccine alfredo with veggies
2 qt. water9 oz. refrigerate. fettuccine (or Box)3 c. frozen mixed vegetables
10 oz.  ready to serve roasted chicken breast (or breast cubes)  1 1/2 c. alfredo sauce
In big pot bring water to boil.  Add fettuccine and cook about 5 min.,  add the frozen 
veggies and cook on high 2-3 minutes or until tender, drain.  Heat chicken breast strips or 
cook your breast cubes in butter or oil until done; add alfredo sauce and heat through.  Add 
noodles and veggies and mix together.  I used box fettuccine 1/2 box or so and fresh 
chicken breast.

Mexican Lasagna 2
1 lb. breast , cut in strips1 large onion, halved and cut into thin wedges1 garlic
16 oz. ricotta cheese8 oz. sour cream4 oz. chopped green chiles
1/2 c. chopped cilantro2 t. cumin1/8 t. salt3 c. salsa8 corn tortillas, halve
1 1/4 c. shredded monterey jack cheese
Heat oven to 350.  Spray 9 x 13 pan with PAM.  Spray pan with PAM over med heat.  
Add chicken; cook and stir 5 minutes or until no longer pink.  Remove to a medium bowl.  
Cook onion and garlic separately or until lightly brown.  Add to chicken.  Stir ricotta, sour 
cream, green chilies, cilantro, cumin and salt together.  Spread 1 c. salsa across bottom of 
baking dish.  Arrange half of the tortillas over salsa.  Spread half of ricotta mix over tortillas.  
Top with half of the chicken.  Top with 1 c. salsa, and 1/2 c. cheese.  Repeat layering with 
remaining tortillas, ricotta mix and chicken mix.  Sprinkle with remaining 1 c. salsa and 3/4 c. 
cheese.  Bake 30 minutes or until heated through.  Loosely cover with foil if the cheese 
browns too quickly.   

Crispy Buffalo Chicken Roll-Ups
4 6 oz breasts, flatten3/4 t salt, pepper1/4 c. blue cheese   1/8c. hot pepper 
sauce2 T mayo1 c. cornflakes, crushed
Flatten breasts to 1/4 in.  Season with salt and pepper.  Sprinkle with blue cheese.  Roll up 
and secure with toothpicks.   In shallow bowl combine pepper sause and mayo.   Place 
cornflakes in separate bowl.  Dip chicken in pepper sauce mix and then coat with cornflakes.   
Place seam side down in greased dish.  Bake at 400 for 30-35 minutes.

Dijon Crumb Chicken
2 eggs2 T. Dijon1 c. seasoned bread crumbs1/2 c. Parm cheese
1 1/2 t. onion powder and garlic powder4-4 oz breasts, flatten to 1/4
In bowl beat eggs and mustard.  In another bowl combine bread crumbs, parm cheese, 
onion and garlic powder.  Dip chicken in egg mix and then in crumb mix.  In skillet cook 
chicken in oil over med heat for 15-20 minutes.

BEEF
Wiener Schnitzel
1 1/2 lb. veal cutlet1 beaten egg3 t. milk2 t. oil3/4 c. bread crumbs
1 c. flour3/4 c. butter (or butter flavored shortening)
Wipe veal dry, then dip in shallow bowl of flour.  Pat off excess flour.  Dip in mix of egg, 
milk, and oil; then cover with bread crumbs.  Let veal stand 15 min. to give coating time to 
fix.  Sauté over low heat in butter,  turning frequently until browned.  Cooks in about 10 min.

Round Steak With Gravy
round steak1 can cr. mushroom soup3/4 c. waterbutter
potatoesonion, optional
Cut steak into strips.  Brown both sides of steak in some butter in pan.   Mix soup with 
water and stir.  Cut up potatoes.  Put potatoes, onion in pan with steak.  Pour soup mix 
over.  Bake at 325 for 1 1/2 hours.   

Steak Strips Jardin
1 lb. round steak1 T. oil1 c. onion2 c. each celery and carrots
1 can cheddar cheese soup3 oz. cr. cheese, room temp1/2 c. beef broth
1 1/2 t. garlic salt1/4 t. pepperrice
Cut meat into strips.  Brown meat on all sides in oil in skillet.  Add onions, celery, carrots.  
Cook until veggies are tender crisp.  Stir in soup, cream cheese, broth, garlic salt and 
pepper.  Cover and simmer about 30 minutes or until meat is tender.  Serve over rice.

Chinese Soy Steak
1-2 lb. round steak 2 T. oil2 T. flour1 onion4 T. soy sauce
1/2 c. catsup2 c. water4 oz. mushroomsgreen pepper, cut into strips
Cut steak into strips or small bite size pieces.   Brown steak in oil, push to side of pan.  
Brown flour stir with meat; add onion, catsup, soy sauce and water.  Stir, simmer for 45 
minutes.  Add green pepper and mushrooms.  Cook a few more minutes until green 
peppers are tender crisp.  Serve on rice or noodles.  You can also cook the stuff together 
on stove top for a few minutes and then bake in the oven at 350 for 1 hour.  Add green 
pepper for the last 15 minutes.

Korean Bulgogi
28 oz. flank steak cut in strips (or can use chicken)3 T. sugar9 T. soy sauce
2 T. sesame oil2 T. toasted sesame seeds3 T. green onion1/2 t. garlic
Mix sauce ingredients and pour over meat.  Let stand 15 minutes.  Cook on foil covered 
grill or broil in oven.  Serve with rice.

Korean Style Steak
2 T. veggie oil3 T. honey1 small onion1/2 c. reduced sodium soy sauce
2 t. garlic1 t. ginger1/4 t. pepper4 strip steaks (4 oz.)
In small bowl mix together oil and honey.  Add onion to mix.  Add soy sauce, garlic, ginger 
and pepper.  Whisk  well.  Place steaks in a ziplock bag.  Pour marinade over.  Seal bag 
and marinate for at least 2 hours, but up to 8 hours.  Remove meat from marinade.  Place 
steaks on grill until desired doneness is reached (4 minutes/side for medium rare).

Broiled Steak with Mushroom Wine Sauce
2 boneless rib steaks2 T. veggie oil1 c. mushrooms, sliced2 T. onion
4 T. red wine1/2 c. sour cream1/2 t. salt1/4 t. pepper
Heat oil.  Add onions and mushrooms and sauté until golden.  Add wine.  Cook for minute.  
Add sour cream and cook until heated.  Remove from heat, keep warm.  Broil steak.  Pour 
sauce over steak.

Marinade for Beef Kebobs
1 c. red wine vinegar and veggie oil1/4 c.  vinegar and ketchup1 clove garlic
1/4 c. sugar2 t. Worcestershire1 t. salt1 T. rosemary or basil
Combine all ingredients and marinade at least 6 hours or overnight in refrigerator.  Use 3 
lbs.. sirloin or top round.   Grill 20-25 minutes.

Southfork Prime Rib
Baste prime rib while grilling with beef basting sauce.  The sauce is made with 1 pkg. onion 
soup mix, 2 bouillon cubes with 12 oz. water or 1 can beef consommé, 12 oz. beer (Sam 
Adams is good, otherwise Budweiser),  salt, pepper, and garlic to taste can also add a can 
of mushrooms.  

Chili
2 T. oil2 T. chuck steak (cubed)1 T. flour 1 onion3/4 c. red wine
1 c. tomato sauce1 garlic1 carrot, green pepper  2 bay leaves
40 oz. canned beans (different kinds)1/2 t. cumin1 t. oregano
1/4 t. crushed red pepper10 1/2 oz. can minestrone and lentil soup.
Heat oil.  Brown steak in oil with flour.  Add rest of ingredients.  Simmer 1 1/2 hour.  Uncover 
last 30 minutes if needed to thicken.

Beef Stroganoff
1 lb. hamburger1 onion1 garlic1 can cream of mushroom soup
8 oz. sour creamsalt and peppercan mushrooms
Brown hamburger.  I drain off the fat.  Add onion.  Stir in soup and seasonings.  Simmer
about 20 minutes.  I add the mushrooms and sour cream and cook on low for another 15-20 
minutes.  Serve over noodles.  Hamburger can be ground chuck.  I spoon off fat.

Stuffed Peppers
4 peppers  1 lb. hamburger1 onion       1 c. cooked rice    3-4 cans tomato sauce
Cut tops off peppers and scald for 5 minutes in boiling water.  Brown meat and drain.  Add 
onion, parsley(opt.), salt, pepper and rice.  Put meat mix into peppers, pour sauce over 
and cook in oven for 30 minutes at 350.   Can top with cheese the last few minutes. 

Goulash
1 1/4 lb. hamburgeronioncelery1 can tomato soup     S&P
can corntomato juicestewed tomato2 1/2 c. egg noodles, cooked
Brown hamburger and drain.   Add onion and celery.  Turn off heat.  Add noodles, corn, add 
soup, stewed tomatoes with liquid and add juice or tomato sauce to moisten.   Heat in oven 
for 45-60 minutes at 350.

Italian Spaghetti
1 1/4 lb. hamburgeroniongarlic2 envelopes sauce mix
2 cans tomato sauce2 cans tomato paste3 c. water (mix water/red wine)
can mushrooms1 t. oregano leaves1 t. basil  leavesspaghetti
Cook beef, drain.  Add sauce mix and remaining ingredients except spaghetti.  Simmer 
until thickened about 30 minutes.  

Skillet Spaghetti
1 lb. hamburger1 t. garlic1 can tomato paste1 t. chili powder1 t. oregano
8 oz. spaghettidash pepperonion    8 oz. tomato sauce1 1/2 c. water
2 c. tomato juice2 t. salt1 t. sugar
Combine all ingredients but spaghetti.  Cover and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat and 
simmer 30 minutes.   Add spaghetti and simmer covered another 30 minutes.

Spaghetti with Meatballs in Tex Mex Sauce
Meatballs:  2 T. olive oil3/4 c. chopped onions2 t. garlic1 1/2 lb. hamburger
1/2 c. bread crumbs1/4 c. coriander1 egg1 t. cumin1 t. chili powder
salt and pepperSauce:  2 T. olive oil1 c. onion1 T. garlic
1 c. red and green pepper, cut into 1/2” pieces28 oz. crushed tomato   1/2 t. red pepper
1 c. watersalt and pepperspaghetti
To prepare meatballs heat 1 T. oil in pan.  Add onion and garlic, stirring until wilted.  Let cool.  
Combine rest of ingredients except 1 T. oil and blend.  Shape into 1 1/2 “ meatballs.  Heat 
oil in skillet and add meatballs.  Cook over medium heat turning so they brown evenly, 
about 10 minutes.  Keep them warm.  For sauce:  Add ingredients, blend and bring to a 
boil.  Simmer for 10-15 minutes.  Add meatballs and simmer 10 minutes more.  Cook 
spaghetti.  Serve.

Spaghetti
2 lb. hamburger4 32 oz. cans tomato sauce1 large can tomato paste
1 onion1 c. dried parsley1 t. oregano2 t. garlic, basilsalt and pepper 
Brown beef, drain.  Add rest of ingredients and bring to a boil.  Simmer for 1 1/2 hour, 
stirring frequently. 

Noodles Plus
1 lb. ground chuck            15.5 oz can tomato sauce          10-12 oz broad egg noodles
8 oz. cream cheese1 c. cream style cottage cheese1/4 c. sour cream
chopped green onionsdash Tabasco
Cook beef until it loses it’s red color.  Take off heat and stir in tomato sauce and tabasco.  
Cook noodles according to package directions.  Stir together the cream cheese, cottage 
cheese and sour cream until well mixed; stir in green onions.  In buttered 2 qt. dish spread 
half the noodles; top with cheese mixture; cover with remaining noodles; top with beef 
mmix.  Refrigerate up to 2 days.  Bake at 350 till hot in center and bubbling around edges, 
30-40 minutes.  Let stand 10 minutes before eating.  If refrigerated it takes longer to cook.

Chow  Mein Hotdish
1 1/2 lbs.. hamburgeronion1 c. celery2 cans cr. of mushroom soup
1 can chicken rice soup1 can Veg all vegetables, undrained4 T. soy sauce
2 c. chow mein noodlesalmonds, opt.1 can mushrooms, opt.
Brown beef, onion, and celery.  Add rest and bake at 325 for 1 hour.  Add the noodles the 
last 15 minutes of cooking.

Mexican Layer Casserole
1 lb. hamburger1 onion1 can refried beans         1 8 oz. can tomato sauce
1 pkg. enchilada sauce mix1/2 c. water        8 oz. tortilla chips
4 oz. cheese          1/2 c. black olives2 c. shredded lettuce1 tomato
Cook beef.   Add onion.  Stir in beans, tomato sauce, sauce mix and water.  Cook 5-10 
minutes until hot and  bubbly.  Place crushed chips in 12 x 8 dish.  Spoon hot mix over.  
Sprinkle with cheese and olives.   Bake about 20-30 minutes at 350.  Top with lettuce and 
tomato.

Porcupine Meatballs
1/2 c. uncooked rice1 lb. hamburger1 T. onion1/2 t. salt, pepper
1/4 t. chili powder1 can tomato soup  and  juice
Mix rice and meat with seasonings.  Shape into small balls.  Place in baking dish and cover 
with a mix of tomato soup and juice (I use 1 can soup, 1 can juice).  Bake at 350 for 60-80 
minutes.

Beef Enchiladas
11/2 lb. hamburgeronion2-3 cans enchilada sauce8 oz. tomato sauce
tortillascheesegreen onions
Brown hamburger, drain.  Add onion.  Add 1 can enchilada sauce and cook until onion is 
done and meat mix is hot.  Take off heat.  Microwave tortillas  (10 second/tortilla or 2 
minutes/bag).  Put some meat mix on center of each tortilla, top with cheese and roll up.  
I mix 1 can enchilada sauce with tomato sauce so it is not as spicy.  Put some on bottom of 
9 x 13 so that tortillas don’t stick.  Put tortillas in.  Top with rest of sauce.  Bake for 25-30 
minutes at 350.  Top with cheese and green onions and cook until cheese is melted. 

Beef Casserole Italiano
1 lb. hamburger1 onion16 oz. tomato sauce1 t. parsley flakes, basil
1/2 t. oregano     1/2 t. salt, divided      1/4 t. pepper      20 oz. spinach, thawed,drained
2 c. ricotta cheese8 oz. mozzarella cheese slices
Brown ground beef and onion, drain.  Stir in tomato sauce, parsley, oregano. basil, 1/4 t. 
salt and pepper.  Simmer uncovered for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Meanwhile, 
combine spinach, ricotta and remaining salt.  Spoon spinach mix around edges of 9 x 13 
pan; pour beef mix in center.  Cut mozzarella slices into 3 strips and arrange in a lattice 
pattern over meat.  Bake at 375 for 20 minutes.

Open-Face Mexican Toasted Sandwich
1 lb. hamburger1 onion1 garlic1/4 c. gr. pepper2 T. olive oil, divided
1/2 t. salt, pepper1/4 t. chili powder4 oz. can drained chopped green chilies
1 c. drained tomatoes1 lb. Velveeta1/4 c. half and halftoast
Heat 1T. oil.  Cook beef, drain. Heat remaining oil and sauté onion, garlic and green pepper 
until limp.  Add chilies tomatoes, half and half, salt, pepper and chili pepper.  Simmer 10 
minutes.  Add cheese and beef, stir till melts, serve on toast.  Slow cooker can be used.   

Baked Stroganoff Meatballs
1 1/4 lb. hamburger1 onion1/4 c. Parmesan1/3 c. milk1 egg
1 t. salt, Worcestershiredash pepper1 beef bouillon cube
6 oz. long and wild rice4 oz. mushrooms1 T. butter2 1/4 c. boiling water
1/2 c. sour cream2 oz. pimento, drained1 cr. of mushroom soup
Heat oven to 400.  In a bowl combine beef, onion, cheese, milk, egg, salt, Worcestershire 
and pepper.  Mix well.  Shape into 18 meatballs.  Place in a 2 qt. dish.  Bake uncovered for 
15 min.  Drain fat.  Stir in soup and bouillon cube.  Reduce temp to 350 and bake 
uncovered for 45 min.  Place contents of rice and seasoning packets, mushrooms and butter 
in a 1 qt. casserole.  Add boiling water, stir and cover.  Bake in oven 40 minutes or until all 
liquid is absorbed.  Remove meatballs from oven; stir in sour cream.  Return to oven and 
heat 5 minutes.  Stir pimento into rice.  Serve with meatballs.

Mini Meatloaves
1/2 lb. hamburger1/3 c. uncooked oatmeal1 egg2 T. ketchup, divided
2 T. onion1 T. parsley or 1 1/2 t. dried parsley flakes1/4 t. salt, pepper
1/4 c. cheddar cheese
In bowl combine beef, oats, egg, 1 T. catsup, onion, parsley, salt and pepper.  Mix well.  
Shape half of mix to form 4 x 2” rectangles.  Sprinkle 2 T. cheese over each.  Divide 
remaining mix in half.  Place each half over cheese; press to seal in cheese and form loaf.  
Place in 8” pan.  Bake at 350 for 25 minutes, top with cheese and ketchup.  Return to oven 
until cheese is  melted. 

Meatloaf
2 eggs3/4 c. milk2/3 c. bread crumbs or oatmealonionsalt, pepper
1 1/2 lb. hamburger    1/4 c. ketchup (or more)  
Mix all;  spread top with more ketchup.  Bake at 350 for 1-1 1/2 hours.  Drain off fat.

Leslie’s Lasagna
1 1/2 lb. hamburger         2 T. veggie oil1 t. garlic powder1 T. basil           2 t. salt       
1 lb. stewed tomatoes12 oz. tomato paste8 oz. tomato sauce1 t. oregano
2 eggs1/2 t. pepperonion1 lb. ricotta and mozzarella cheese(Sliced)
8 oz. lasagna noodlesonion and garlic powder is to your taste
Brown meat in veggie oil.  Spoon off fat.  Add garlic powder, basil, salt, stewed tomatoes,
tomato paste, tomato sauce, oregano and heat to simmering level.  Spoon some of the hot 
sauce and beat together with eggs.  Pour back into the sauce and add pepper and onion.  
Simmer for 30 minutes.  Cook noodles.  Grease a cake pan.  Spoon in enough meat sauce 
to cover bottom.  Then put in layers of lasagna, ricotta, mozzarella and meat sauce until you 
run out of layers.  The last two layers should be noodles with meat sauce spooned into 
centers of each strip.  There is enough cheese for 2 layers.  Top entire thing with parmesan.  
Bake uncovered at 350 for 30 minutes.  I make this and refrigerate and bring to room temp 
and then bake at 350 for 1 hour.

Bundle Burgers
1 1/2 c. dressing1/2 c. evaporated milk1 can cr. of mushroom soup
1 1/2 lb. hamburger  1 T. ketchup                 2 t. Worcestershire
Prepare dressing (Stove top).  Add milk to meat and mix.  Roll out meat between waxed 
paper in 6 circles.  Put some dressing on top of circles.  Shape in balls around dressing.  
Mix soup with ketchup and Worcestershire.  Put meat into casserole.  Top with soup mix.  
Bake uncovered at  350 about 45-50 minutes.   I usually double the soup mix for that 
amount of meat for gravy to top potatoes.

Italian Casserole
2 lb. hamburger2 c. onion1 green and red pepper12 oz. egg noodles
1 can tomato soup6 oz. tomato paste8 oz. tomato sauce8 oz. mild taco sauce
8 oz. mushrooms, drained8 oz. cheddar cheese
Cook beef, onion and peppers in skillet until the meat is no longer pink and veggies are 
tender.  Drain fat.  Add other ingredients except noodles and cheese.  Simmer 15 minutes, 
stirring occasionally.  While meat is simmering cook noodles.  Drain.  Place noodles in the 
bottom of one large casserole dish or 2 medium sized casserole dishes.  pour meat sauce 
over noodles.  Top with cheese.  Cover casserole and bake at 350 for 45 minutes or until 
hot and bubbly.  You can freeze one or half the recipe.  

Creamed Chipped Beef on Toast
3 T. butter3 T. onion3 T. flour2 c. hot milk1/2 lb. dried chipped beef
1/4 t. paprika    peaspeppertabasco (optional)1 T. dry sherry (optional)
In pan melt butter and sauté onion until clear.  Stir in flour with a whisk and then in hot milk, 
stirring constantly until mix thickens.  I heat the milk in the microwave first.  When mix is thick, 
add rest of stuff and heat.   Serve over toast. 

Egg Rolls
24 won ton skins1 lb. hamburger3 c. shredded cabbage1 can bean sprouts
1 can french style cut beans3 potatoes, diced fine`1/2 onion1 garlic
soy sauce for coloring2 T. fish sauce (opt.)1 t. MSG2 t. salt, pepper
2 T. oil
Sauté garlic and onions in hot oil.  Add fish sauce then the hamburger until it loses its red 
color.  Add the potatoes till tender, then the beans, cabbage, and bean sprouts.  Add soy 
sauce and blend well.  Salt and pepper to taste, then the MSG.  Take a wonton skin and 
put a moderate amount of the filling in the center and roll from the corner close to you and 
tuck it tight underneath the filling and roll once.  Now fold the right and left sides toward the 
center and roll again.  Wet the last corner with hot water and let the eggroll rest on that side 
until ready to be deep-fried.  Deep fry in hot oil at 375.  You can freeze just the stuffing.

Roast Beef with Spicy Parsley Tomato Sauce (Giada De Laurentis)
2 to 2 1/2 lb. sirloin tip or chuck roast3 T. olive oil4 Roma tomatoes, cut in half
2 t. herbs de provence kosher salt and pepper
Spicy Parsley Tomato Sauce:1 1/2 c. flat leaf parsley2 garlic cloves
1/2 t. red pepper flakes3/4 t. kosher salt3/4 t. pepper           2 T. red wine vinegar
1/2 c. olive oil
Heat oven to 375.  Season the beef with salt and pepper.  Season the tomatoes with salt, 
pepper and herbs de provence.  Place a heavy roasting pan over high heat.  Heat the oil 
oil.  Sear the beef over high heat on all sides.  turn off heat.  Place the seasoned tomatoes 
around the seared beef and place the pan in the oven.  I put some beef broth in the 
bottom of the pan to prevent sticking.  Roast until meat thermometer reads 130 for medium 
rare, 135 of medium about 30-35 minutes.  Take the roast out of the oven, tent loosely with 
foil and let rest for 10-15 minutes.  The internal temperature of the meat will rise 5 degrees 
more.  I did it at 350 for 1 1/2 hours.  To make the sauce, place the parsley and garlic in a 
food processor and pulse until the parsley is finely chopped.  Add the red pepper flakes, 
salt, red wine vinegar and the roasted tomatoes from the beef pan and process until 
pureed.  Add the olive oil in a steady stream with the machine running.  To serve, slice the 
roast and place on a serving platter.  Drizzle a little sauce over the meat.  Serve the 
remaining sauce in a small bowl alongside.

Grandma Hansen’ s Meatloaf
1 lb. hot jimmy dean sausage1 lb. hamburger1/2 lb. ground pork
those measurements can vary somewhat
break up 5 slices of white bread into small pieces.  Mix 1 c. milk and 2 beaten eggs and 1 t. 
salt, 1/2 t. pepper and 1/2 t. sage and pour over bread pieces.  Break up meats and add.  
I squish with my hands and then add 1 whole large cut up onion.  Put into greased casserole 
pan.  Cover with lots of ketchup.  Bake at 350 for 1 hour.

Thai Beef Stir Fry
2 T. cornstarch3/4 c. water2 T. plus 1 1/2 t. chunky peanut butter
4 T. soy sauce, divided1 1/2 lb. top sirloin steak, thinly sliced1 1/2 t. garlic
1/4 t. pepper2 T. olive oil1 each green, red, and yellow pepper, julienned
8 oz. bamboo shoots, drained1/2 c. julienned carrot1/2 t. red pepper flakes
In a small bowl, combine cornstarch and water until smooth.  Stir in peanut butter and 3 T. 
soy sauce; set aside.  In a large skillet or wok, stir fry the beef, garlic, pepper and remaining 
soy sauce in oil until meat is no longer pink; remove and keep warm.  Add the peppers, 
bamboo shoots, carrot and pepper flakes; stir fry 2-3 minutes or until tender.  Stir cornstarch 
mix; add to the pan.  Bring to a boil; cook and stir for 1 minute or until thickened.  Return 
beef mix to the pan.  Serve with rice.

Salisbury Steak (lower calorie)
1/2 c. fat free milk14 fat free saltines, crushed2 T. dried minced onion
2 t. dried parsley flakes1 lb. lean ground beef1 jar fat free beef gravy
2 T. ketchup2 t. Worcestershire sauce1 4/ t. pepper
In a large bowl combine the milk, saltines, onion and parsley.  Crumble beef over mix and 
Mix well.  Shape into 4 patties.  Place in an 8 in square baking dish coated with PAM.  In a 
small bowl combine the gravy, ketchup, Worcestershire and pepper; pour over patties.  
Bake uncovered at 350 for 50-55 minutes or until meat is no longer pink. (266 calories)

Salisbury Steak with Gemelli
1 egg1/2 c. soft bread crumbs1 t. Italian seasoning1/2 t. pepper and minced garlic
1 lb. hamburger1 T. olive oil1 c. sliced fresh mushrooms2 T. flour
1 c. chicken broth1 T. ketchup1 t. Worcestershire saucehot gemelli or spiral pasta
In a large bowl combine the egg, bread crumbs, Italian seasoning, pepper and garlic.  
Crumble beef over mix and mix well.  Shape into 4 patties.  In a large skillet, cook patties in 
oil over medium high heat for 5-7 minutes on each side or until meat is no longer pink.  
Remove and keep warm.  Drain, reserving 2 T. drippings.  Saute mushrooms in drippings 
until tender.  Stir in flour until blended.  Gradually stir in broth, ketchup, and Worcestershire 
sauce.  Bring to a boil; cook and stir for 2 minutes or until thickened.  Return patties to the 
skillet.  Bring to a boil.  Reduce heat; simmer, uncovered, for 3-4 minutes or until heated 
through.  Serve with gemelli.