Seven Layer Salad
1 head lettuce, shredded1 c. celery1 green pepper2 gr. onions
1/2 pkg. peas, uncooked2 t. sugar1 c. salad dressing 
Options:  cheese, bacon bits, water chestnuts, shrimp
Arrange vegetables in layers in a pretty bowl, topping with salad dressing mixed with 
sugar.  Cover and chill several hours or overnight.  Just before serving top with cheese and 
bits.

Caesar Salad
2 cloves garlic1 head romaine lettuce1/2 t. salt and pepper
1 T. anchovy paste1 T. lemon juice1 egg or 2 T. liquid egg stuff
1/3 c. olive oil1/2 c. parmesan cheese1 c. caesar croutons (or onion and garlic)
In bowl mix garlic, salt, pepper, anchovies, lemon juice, egg.  Add olive oil and mix.  Add 
lettuce and toss.  Add cheese and croutons.

Outback Steakhouse Caesar Salad Dressing
1 c. mayo1/4 c. egg substitute1/4 c. parmesan cheese2 T. water
2 T. olive oil1 1/2 T. lemon juice1 T. anchovy paste2 cloves garlic2 t. sugar
1/2 t. pepper1/4 t. salt 1/4 t. dried parsley flakes, crushed
Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl.  Beat with mixer for about 1 minutes.  Cover 
bowl and chill for several hours for flavors to develop.

Outback Steakhouse Bleu Cheese Dressing
1 c. mayo2 T. buttermilk1 T. crumbled bleu cheese  1/8 t. each pepper, onion 
powder, and garlic powder.  Mix all together until smooth.  Cover and chill 30 min.

Bleu Cheese Dressing
1 c. mayo 8 oz. sour cream4 oz. bleu cheese1/4 t. salt1 t. lemon juice
1 T. WorcestershireMix all together and chill.

Buttermilk Salad Dressing
1 c. mayo1 c. buttermilk2 garliconion1/3 c. parsley
Mix together and refrigerate.

Banana and Lettuce Salad
lettuce banana mayo sugar milk salt and pepper
Cut up lettuce.  Mix mayo with some milk, add about 1 T. sugar (all of this is to taste) salt 
and pepper.  Put banana and dressing on right before serving.  Mix together.

Cukes in Sour Cream
4 oz. sour cream2 T. sugar (or more)3/4 t. salt and pepper1 T. vinegar 
or moreonioncucumbers
Mix onion and cucumbers together.  Add dressing of sour cream, sugar, vinegar, salt and 
pepper.

Dilly Cucumber Salad
3 c. thinly sliced cukes1 small red pepper, julienned1/2 c.  sweet onion, diced
1/3 c. sugar1/4 c. white wine vinegar1 1/2 t. salt1 t. dill seed
In large bowl, combine all ingredients.  Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, stirring 
occasionally.

Red Leaf Salad with Mandarin Oranges
1 head red leaf lettuce             1/2 c. celery1/4 c. green onions
1 10 oz. mandarin orangesDressing:  1/4 c. oil2 T. vinegar1/2 t. salt
dash Tabasco1/8 t. pepper1 T. parsley flakes2 T. sugar
Caramelized almonds:   1/2 c. slivered almonds1/4 c. sugar
Caramelize almonds by combining almonds and sugar in pan and heat until they are well 
coated.  Spoon on wax paper to cool.  Prepare dressing and refrigerate.  In a salad bowl 
mix lettuce, celery, and green onions.  Pour dressing over salad and sprinkle almonds on 
top.

Spinach Strawberry Salad
2 bunches spinach1 basket strawberries10 thin slices purple onion
Dressing:  1/2 c. oil1/2 c. sugar1/4 c. apple cider vinegar1/4 t. Worcestershire
1/2 t. minced onion1 T. poppy seeds2 T. sesame seeds1/8 t. paprika
Rinse and dry spinach.  Remove stems.  Slice strawberries.  Layer spinach, sliced 
strawberries and onions 3 times (9 layers).  When ready to serve put on dressing.  Don’t 
put the dressing on until ready to serve, because the spinach and strawberries will wilt.

Fruit Salad with Banana Dressing
Dressing: 2 ripe bananas       1 c. sour cream     4 T. brown sugar     1 1/2 t. lemon juice
Mix in blender, pour over fruit.  Fruit: pineapple, cantaloupe, honeydew, kiwi, strawberries, 
papaya, mango.

Shrimp Salad (Grandma’s)
lettucecucumbergreen pepperlots of onionradish
celeryplum tomatoeggs (boiled)2 cans tiny shrimp drained
Dressing:  1 c. miracle whip2 T. apple cider vinegar1 1/2 T. sugar
salt and peppera little sweet relish
Mix the dressing to a taste you like.  Mix with the other ingredients.

Crab Louis Salad
Lettucehard boiled eggspitted, slice black olivesgreen pepper rings
Crab meat, lump with cartilage removed or fake crabcelery
Dressing:  1 c. mayo1/4 c. chili sauce1/4 c. whip cream or half and half
1 1/2 T. green pepper3 T. onion1 egg(boiled, grated)1 t. Worcestershire
2 t. parsley1 T. lemon juicesalt and pepper  (can skip egg if desired)
Mix the dressing together and  chill.   Put lettuce on plate, top with crab, eggs, olives and 
green pepper and celery. You  can use a whole leaf lettuce on plate, and then top with rest 
of lettuce, crab, etc.  Serve with dressing that guests can add to salad.

Cole Slaw
Grate a head of cabbage, add 1 c. sugar and let sit for 1 hour.  Boil  together:  3/4 c. oil
1 c. vinegar1 t. each dry mustard and celery seed2 t. sugar1/2 t. salt
Put dressing over cabbage.  Refrigerate for 24 hours before serving.

Potato Salad
Boil potato pieces (about 3-5 potato for 6) about 4-5 minutes just so it’s done but not soft.  
Drain and cool.   Boil about 5 eggs, cool.  Mix together  eggs, potato, celery, onion, and 
radish.  Dressing:  mayomustardmilksalt, pepper, garlic powder
I put the potato, eggs, celery, radish and onion together early in the day and when it is 
totally cool I add the dressing, and let chill for several hours to flavor.  I mix about  1-2 c. 
mayo, a few tablespoons milk, a few tablespoons mustard and seasonings.  Grandma B’s 
is a soft yellow color, Grandma H’s has more mustard in it and so is a darker color.

Macaroni Salad
Cook 8 oz. or more small macaroni, drain, cool.  Add 1 c. celery, small can sliced black 
olives, small jar pimento, 1/2 c. cut up dills, 1 c.  cut up in small chunks cheddar cheese (or 
colby), onion to taste (1/2 c. or so).  You can add chicken or turkey instead of cheese.
Dressing:  1 c. mayo1 c. sour cream1 t. garlic powder, pepper
1/2 t. cayenne pepper 1 T. mustard1 t. horseradish (can be omitted)
1 t. celery salt.   Mix dressing and put over the rest of the ingredients.   May top with 
parsley.

Tuna Salad
Macaroni rings, or sea shellstuna, drainedceleryonion
Dressing:Mayomilksalt, pepper, garlic powder
Mix however much of the ingredients you want.  For the dressing start by mixing 1 c. mayo 
with some milk (add a little at a time until it is the right consistency) add seasonings to taste.
Mix all together.

Vegetable Marinade Salad
1 onion, diced1-2 carrots, thinly sliced3 c. broccoli florets1 green pepper, 
chopped3 stalks celery1 small head cauliflower in pieces (night before)
20 mushrooms, slicedDressing:  1 c. sugar2 t. dry mustard1 t. salt
1/2 c. apple cider vinegar1 1/2 c. salad oil
Mix dressing ingredients well.  Put all the vegetables into a large bowl  except for the 
mushrooms which are added the next  day.  Pour the dressing over the vegetables and 
refrigerate overnight.  In the morning it will seem more watery and that’s how it should be.  
Add the mushrooms and remix.

Black Bean and Couscous Salad
1 box garlic and olive oil Near East Couscous1 1/4 c. chicken broth (1 14 oz. can)
1 red pepper, chopped1 c. frozen corn, thawed or a can1 can black beans, drained
green onions6 T. olive oil4 T. lime juice2 t. red wine vinegar
1 t. cumin1/4 c. cilantro salt and pepper
Bring broth to a boil and stir in couscous.  Cover the pot and remove from heat.  Let stand 
5 minutes.  In a small bowl mix together olive oil, lime juice, vinegar, and cumin.  Add green 
onions, red pepper cilantro, corn and beans and toss together.  Fluff the couscous and 
break up any chunks.  Mix with the vegetables and dressing.  Refrigerate until ready to 
serve.

Waldorf Salad
3 large apples, unpeeled and diced  can use 1 Granny Smith, 1 Red Delicious apple, 1 
Golden Delicious or Fuji or Brae burn1/2 c. chopped celery1/2 c. nuts, chopped
Mix those ingredients together.  For dressing:      1/4 c. mayo1/4 c. cool whip
1 1/2 t. sugar1/2 t. lemon juice
Combine mayo, sugar and lemon juice.  Stir well.  Gently fold in cool whip.  Spoon over 
fruit mix and gently stir to combine.  Cover and chill 2 hours.  Depending on the size of the 
apples, you may need to double the amount of dressing.

Grandma’s Fruit Salad
Fresh fruit:  apples, strawberries, bananas, grapes slice in half
Canned fruit:  Queen Ann cherries, pears, peaches, pineapple
Dressing:  6 oz. frozen concentrate orange juice9 oz. Clover Honey  (I use slightly less)
Mix fruit with dressing.  Can add new fruit and still eat.

Pistachio Salad
1 20 oz. can crushed pineapple, undrained1 small pkg. instant pistachio pudding
2 c. mini marshmallows8 oz. cool whip1/2 c. nuts (optional)
Stir dry pudding mix and pineapple and juice together.  Add marshmallow and cool whip.  
Refrigerate.  Keeps well and serves 8-10.

Island Fruit Medley
1/2 c. Catalina2 T. light brown sugar1/4 t. cinnamon1 mango or peach  
1/2 c. pineapple chunks2 kiwi1 c. cantaloupe8 pineapple slices
1/2 c. raspberry or strawberry halves8 cantaloupe slices
Mix catalina, brown sugar and cinnamon.  Toss pineapple chunks, mango, kiwi, cantaloupe 
and raspberry with dressing.   Arrange slices of pineapple and cantaloupe on plate, top 
with marinated fruit mix.

Frozen Summer Fruit Salad
1 can toasted coconut3 T. melted butter1 can sweetened condensed milk
1 c. mini marshmallows1 c. pecans3/4 c. chopped peaches or nectarines 
8 oz black cherry yogurt     1 c. pitted and halved cherries3/4 c. grape halves
1/2 c. lemon juice4 oz. cool whip
Line a loaf pan with foil extending above side of pan.  Combine coconut and butter.  Press 
on bottom of pan.  In bowl combine remaining ingredients except Cool Whip.  Mix well.  
Fold in cool whip.  Pour into pan.  Cover, freeze 6 hours.  To serve remove from pan; peel 
off foil and slice.  

Poppy Seed Fruit Salad
In bowl combine 1/4 c. honey, 1/4 c. limeade, 2 t. poppy seeds.  Fruit mix: add 1 c. each 
strawberries, pineapple, blueberries, watermelon.  Drizzle dressing over fruit, toss gently.  
Serve.  Can use almost any fresh fruit.

Fancy Fruit Salad
3 T. Tang1 small box instant vanilla or french vanilla pudding
2 c. chunk pineapple, save juice   1 c mandarin oranges, drained1 c chopped pecans
3 large bananas, sliced
Mix pineapple juice with Tang.  Sprinkle pudding over fruit.  Pour juice over fruit and mix 
well.

Broccoli Cole Slaw
2 3 oz. ramen noodles in oriental flavor3/4 c. butter (I use less)1/4 c. slivered 
almonds2 12 oz. bags broccoli cole slawgreen onions1/4 c. sunflower seeds
Dressing:3/4 c. canola oil (I use less)1/4 c. brown or white sugar
1/4 c. apple cider vinegarramen noodle seasoning packets
Put ramen noodles in a bag and crush them while melting butter in a large skillet over 
low/med. heat.  Add the crushed noodles and almonds and sauté stirring occasionally.  
Whisk together the dressing ingredients in a small bowl.  Place broccoli into bowl and toss 
with noodles, almonds, and sunflower sees.  Pour dressing over and toss to coat.  Garnish 
with green onions.  This recipe can be halved.

Antipasto Pasta Salad
16 oz. tricolor spiral pasta16 oz. giardiniera, drained and cut upripe olives-1 3.8 oz 
and one 2 1/4 oz.5 3/4 oz. pimento stuffed olives, sliced7 oz. roasted red pepper, 
drained and chopped8 oz. summer sausage, cubed8 oz pepper jack, cube
1 c. Italian salad dressing     Cook pasta and drain, combine with veggies and meat and 
cheese, add dressing, toss.  Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.

Vegetable Pasta Salad
4 c, tricolor spiral pasta 16 oz. salsa2 c. thawed frozen corn2 c. slice halved cuke
1 c. halved cherry tomato1 med. red onion8 oz. no salt tomato sauce    2 T.  fresh 
parsley1 T. red wine vinegar
Cook pasta and drain.  Combine pasta with remaining ingredients and refrigerate for 30 
minutes before serving.

Salami Pasta Salad
2 c. small pasta shells3/4 c. green pepper and fresh tomato      1/2 c. salami, cube
1/2 c. pepperoni, chopped    1/2 c. quartered whole ripe olives      1/3 c. onion
2 oz provolone cubed     Dressing:  1/3 c. v. oil1/4 c. red wine vinegar   2 T.  sugar
1 1/2 t. salt and dried oregano1/2 t. pepper
Cook pasta and drain.  Add rest of ingredients except dressing to pasta.  In a jar combine 
dressing ingredients and shake well.  Pour over pasta and mix.  Cover and refrigerate. 
before serving.

Out to Sea Pasta Shell Salad
3 c. medium pasta shells2/3 c. shredded carrots2/3 c. thawed peas
4 bacon strips, cooked and diced4 oz. cr. cheese1/2 c. sour cream
3/4 c. milk1 envelope ranch dressing
Cook shells and drain.  In bowl combine carrots, peas and bacon.  In small bowl beat cream 
cheese and sour cream.  Add milk and dressing mix; beat until combined.  Add pasta to 
veggies and add dressing mix, toss to coat.  Chill until serving.

Jello Layer Salad
1 small package blackberry jello, cherry jello, lime jello, lemon jello, orange jello, orange 
pineapple jello, strawberry jello, 1 1/2 c. evaporated milk.  Add blackberry jello to 1 1/2 c. 
boiling water.  Mix and dissolve well, put in dish and let set.  Mix cherry jello with 1 c. boiling 
water.  Let cool and add 1/2 c. evaporated milk.  Put on first layer.  Mix lime jello and 1 1/2 
c. boiling water.  Mix lemon jello and 1 c. boiling water.  Let cool and add 1/2 c. evaporated 
milk.  Mix orange jello and add 1 1/2 c. boiling water.  Mix orange pineapple jello with 1 c. 
boiling water.  Let cool and add 1/2 c. evaporated milk.  Mix strawberry jello and 1 1/2 c. 
boiling water.  Make sure each layer is mixed and dissolved well and set before adding the 
next layer.  Use a 9 x 13 pan.