Black Eyed Peas
1 T. veggie oil1 c. onion1/2 c. celery and carrot2 bay leaves
1 t. salt1/2 t. pepper   1/2 lb. dried black eyed peas     1 ham hock2 1/2 c. water
Heat oil in large pot.  Add onion, celery, carrot.  Sauté 3-4 minutes until veggies are tender.  
Set aside.  Put peas, ham hock, bay leaves, salt, pepper and water and bring to a boil.  
Reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally 1- 1/2 hours or until peas are tender.  
Add veggies for the last half hour.  You can add all of the stuff together at once and do it, but 
the veggies tend to fall apart.  You can also not cook the onion, celery and carrot and just 
add.

Zucchini Patties
2 c. grated zucchini2 eggsonion1 c. Bisquick1/4 c. cheese if desired
Mix all together and drop in oil in frying pan.

Squash
Peel and cube a butternut squash.  Add 3/4 c. water, salt and pepper.  Cook 1 - 1 1/2 
hours or until tender.  Drain.  Mash and add brown sugar and butter.  Cook for a few more 
minutes.

Spinach Pie
4 pkg. spinach1 onion1/2 bunch dill8 oz. cr. cheese
4 eggs     2 c. feta1 lb. phyllo 1 stick butter1/4 c. olive oil
Mix spinach, cheese and cook in oil.  For phyllo, melt butter and spread on layers of phyllo.  
Layer half the phyllo and then put spinach on and layer other half of phyllo.  Bake at 350 for 
30 minutes.  (Make sure to read the phyllo label as it dries quickly.)

Scalloped Corn
1 can cream style corn2 eggs12  crackers1/2 c. milkonion   1 T. butter
Mix all together.  Bake at 350 for 45-60 minutes.

Curried Cauliflower
1 head cauliflower1 1/2 T. curry powder (more or less)1/2 c. white wine
1/2 c. mayosalt and pepper
Cut up cauliflower and steam.  Cook wine, mayo and seasonings until well mixed.  Pour 
over steamed cauliflower.  Serve.

Potato Patties
2 c. mashed potato1-2 eggsonionfloursalt and pepper
Add flour to rest of stuff and mix.   It should pull away from the side.  Cook on grill 5-10 
minutes, flipping half way through.  

Grilled Stuffed Peppers
4 medium green peppers1/4 c. veggie oil1 lb. Monterey jack cheese, shredded
2 T. buttertabasco
Wash and dry peppers.  Slice in half lengthwise, remove core and seeds.  Coat outside 
skin with thin coating of oil.  Stuff pepper halves with cheese, filling not quite full.  Add a dab 
of butter, and dash of tabasco to taste.  Place peppers on lightly oiled aluminum foil.  Place 
on hot coals and grill 20-30 minutes.   Can also be done in oven.

Spinach Casserole
1 env. onion soup mix8 oz. sour cream20 oz. frozen chopped spinach, thawed
In large bowl combine all.  Put in 1 qt. casserole.  Bake 20 minutes at 350.

Summertime Zucchini Sauté
1/4 c. butter1 medium onion1/2 t. salt1/2 t. basil leaves1/8 t. garlic powder
3 c. (4 med.) shredded zucchini1 c. cubed tomato2 t. sliced olives1 c. cheese
In skillet melt butter over medium heat.  Stir in onion, salt, basil and garlic powder.  Cook 
uncovered over medium heat.  Stirring occasionally until onion is tender 4-5 min.  Stir in 
zucchini.  Continue cooking uncovered, stirring constantly until zucchini is heated through 2-3  
minutes.  Add tomatoes, olives and cheese.  Cover and continue cooking 2 minutes.

Grilled Zucchini
Layer zucchini (2), yellow squash (2), onions, parmesan cheese, seasoning salt, and 
stewed tomato.  Make another layer of stuff.  Bake at 350 for 1 hour uncovered, or grill for 
45-60 minutes.

Green Bean Casserole
1 can cr. of mushroom1/2 c. milk1 t. soy sauce4 c. green beans
1 1/3 c. french fried onions
Mix soup, milk, soy sauce, green beans and 2/3 c. french fried onions.  Put in 1 1/2 qt. 
casserole.  Bake at 350 for 30 minutes.  Stir and sprinkle with rest of onions.  Cook another 
5 minutes.  

Stir Fry Vegetable
2 medium zucchini1 large onionbean sprouts2 c. mushrooms
Cut the zucchini into long thin strips and cut into strips 1 to 1 1/2” long.  For onion, cut like 
making onion rings and quarter those slices.  Put a T. of oil in a pan.  Add onion and zucchini.  
Add mushrooms.  Add 2 T. soy sauce,  1 T. butter, dash salt and pepper.  Add bean 
sprouts.  Cook a minute or two and serve.

Asparagus Pasta with Toasted Pecans
16 oz. penne pasta1 bunch asparagus (1 lb.)2 T. olive oil1 T. garlic
1 c. chicken broth1 t. salt and pepper3 T. basil3/4 c. Parmesan, divided
2 T. butter1 c. pecan halves, toasted and divided1 red pepper, seeded, chopped
Prepare pasta, rinse and drain.  Cut asparagus into 1 1/2” pieces.  Sauté asparagus in hot 
oil over medium heat for 4 minutes.  Stir in red pepper and garlic, cook, stirring occasionally, 
2 minutes.  Stir in chicken broth.  Bring to a boil.  Reduce heat and simmer 2 minutes until 
asparagus is crisp tender.  Stir in salt and pepper.  Toss together pasta, asparagus mix, 
basil, 1/2 c. cheese, butter and 1/2 c. pecans.  Sprinkle evenly with remaining cheese and 
pecans.

Asparagus Pasta Primavera
6 T. butter3 T. olive oil8 cloves garlic1 1/2 lbs... asparagus, cut in 1” pieces
1 1/2 c. mushrooms (or a small can)1/2 c. ham, optional2 T. each basil, oregano, 
rosemary4 plum tomatoes, chopped 1 t. salt and pepper
1/2 c. Parmesan cheese12 oz. linguine or whatever pasta
In skillet melt butter with oil.  Add garlic, cook and stir 3 minutes.  Stir in asparagus.  Cover 
and cook for a minute.  Add mushrooms, ham, basil, oregano and rosemary.  Cover and 
cook 5 minutes or until asparagus is crisp tender.  Stir in tomatoes, salt and pepper.  Cook 
3 minutes longer or until heated through.  Meanwhile cook pasta, drain.  Add to asparagus 
mix and toss.  Sprinkle with cheese.

Broccoli Casserole
20 oz. broccoli or 1-2 bunch fresh (steamed)8 oz. velveeta1 onion
1 can cr. of mushroom and 1 c. mayocracker crumbs or fried onion
Combine all but cracker crumbs.  Bake at 350 for 45 minutes.  Top with crumbs or onion 
and reheat long enough to toast.

Broccoli Cauliflower Casserole
20 oz. frozen broccoli10 oz. cauliflower1 can cr. of celery8 oz. cheese whiz
1 can fried onion rings
Cook broccoli and cauliflower separately.  Drain and place in buttered dish.  Combine soup 
and cheese.  Pour over veggies and bake uncovered 30 min. at 325 or 350.  Add onion 
rings for last 10 minutes.

Swiss Vegetable Medley
16 oz. broccoli, carrot, cauliflower combo, thawed and drained1/3 c. sour cream
1/4 t. pepper    4 oz. pimento (opt.)1 can cr. mushroom soup
4 oz. Swiss cheese        1 can french fried onion 
Combine veggies, soup 1/2 c. cheese, sour cream, pepper, pimento and 1/2 can onions 
in 1 qt. casserole.  Bake covered at 350 for 30 minutes.  Top with remaining cheese and 
onions.  Bake uncovered 5 minutes longer.

Gnocchi alla Florentine
1 1/2 lb. fresh spinach2 T. buttersalt3/4 c. ricotta2 beaten eggs
6 T. flour1/2 c. Parmesanlots of pepper and nutmeg
Rinse spinach and remove tough stems.  Cook in boiled salted water 3 minutes or until 
tender.  Drain.  Take up by handfuls and squeeze dry.  Chop and place in small skillet.  Stir 
over med. heat until spinach sticks to bottom of pan.  Add butter and stir.  Mix with ricotta, 
eggs, flour, parmesan, and spices.  Cover with aluminum foil and refrigerate 1 hour.  Bring 
large pot of water to boil.  Roll tablespoon of spinach in flour.  Drop 5-6 at a time in water.  
Cook until they rise to top and are slightly puffed.  Remove and place on plate.  Put in 
oven while you finish cooking balls.

Eggplant Casserole
1 med. eggplant, cut in cubes and parboiled1/2 c. celery1 c. green onions
1/2 c. bell pepper1 can stewed tomatoes, drained5-6 slices bread, toasted,  cubed  
sharp cheese, cut into small pieces1 lb. hot sausage, cooked, drained, optional
Grease 2 qt. dish.  Cover bottom with bread crumbs, then add eggplant, celery, bell 
pepper, onions, sausage and tomatoes.  Cover and bake at 350 for 45 min.  Add 
remaining crumbs and cheese.  Return to over 3-4 minutes until cheese melts.

Eggplant Casserole
1 large eggplant1/4 c. butter1 onion1 stalk celery1/4 c. water
1/4 c. bell pepper1/4 c. grated cheese2 tomatoes1 c. bread crumbs, toasted
salt and pepper to tastebeef or sausage, browned
Split eggplant in half, remove inside.  Place butter in pan, add onion and eggplant.  Start 
cooking, then add water, celery and bell pepper.  Let cook until veggies are tender.  Then 
add tomatoes and cheese.  Stir in bread crumbs and place in empty eggplant shells.  
Garnish with chopped tomatoes and bake until done.  

Noodles and Cabbage
1/4 c. butter1 t. each sugar, dill weed, and wine vinegar4 c. shredded cabbage
1/2 c. onion1/2 t. salt and pepper6 oz. cooked egg noodles
In skillet melt butter.  Add onion and cabbage.  Cook, stirring for 5 minutes.  Stir in noodles 
and spices.  Serve. 

Eggplant Parmesan
2 eggplants (about 2 lbs... total)3 egg whites3 T. water1 c. bread crumbs
1/2 c. Parmesan, divided1/4 c. basil2 1/2 c. basic tomato sauce (recipe to follow) or 
prepared marinara sauce3/4 c. mozzarella cheese1/2 t. saltpepper
Preheat oven to 400.  Coat 2 baking sheets with cooking spray.  Coat an 8 x 11 1/2 inch 
baking dish with PAM.  To prepare eggplant:  Cut eggplants crosswise into 1/4” thick 
slices.  Whisk egg whites with water in a shallow dish until frothy.  Combine bread crumbs, 
1/4 c. Parmesan, salt and pepper in another shallow dish.  Dip the eggplant slices into the 
egg whites and then coat with the bread crumb mix.  Arrange the eggplant slices in a single 
layer on the baking sheets.  Bake for 15 minutes, turn them over and bake until crisp and 
golden about 15 minutes more.  To assemble casserole:  Stir basil into tomato sauce.  
Spread about 1/2 c. of the sauce in the prepared baking dish.  Arrange half the eggplant 
slices over the sauce, overlapping slightly.  Spoon 1 c. of the remaining sauce over the 
eggplant and sprinkle with half the mozzarella.  Layer on the remaining eggplant and top 
with the remaining sauce, mozzarella and Parmesan.  Bake the casserole, at 400 
uncovered, until the sauce bubbles and the top is golden, 15 to 25 minutes.

Basic Tomato Sauce
1 T. olive oil1 onion, diced4 cloves garlic2 -28 oz. cans diced tomatoes
1 T. tomato paste1 t. dried oreganopinch crushed red pepperpepper
Heat oil in pan over medium low heat.  Add onion and cook, stirring often, until softened, 
about 5 minutes.  Add garlic and crushed red pepper; cook for 30-60 seconds.  Add 
tomatoes, tomato paste and oregano; mash with a potato masher.  Bring to a boil.  
Simmer, uncovered, over low heat, stirring frequently, until the tomatoes cook down to a 
thick mass, 45-55 minutes.  Season with pepper.

Pea Pods with Onion
1/2 lb. fresh pea pods2 T. water1/4 c. onion3 T. butter, dividedsalt, pepper
Place pea pods and water in a microwave bowl; cover and cook for 3-5 minutes until crisp 
tender.  Meanwhile in small skillet, cook onion in 2 T. butter over medium heat until crisp 
tender.  Drain peas, add to onion.  Add salt, pepper and remaining butter.  Cook till heated.

Sweet Potato and Vegetable Tian
1 red onion, cut into 6ths, vertically, sections separated1 green bell pepper, cut in 1 1/2” 
pieces12 oz. mushrooms, halved 2 plum tomatoes, cored and cut into sixths
3 medium sweet potatoes, peeled,  quartered lengthwise and sliced 1/4” thick
4 garlic cloves2 t.  rosemary1/2 t. saltpepper1/3 c. olive oil
Heat oven to 375.  Combine all the veggies, garlic and rosemary in mixing b owl.  Sprinkle 
on salt, pepper, and 1/3 c. olive oil and toss to coat thoroughly.  This can be done up to 4 
hours in advance.  Drop veggies into 2 1/2 qt. casserole and press them down evenly.  
Bake 45 minutes.  Can make a topping to go on top:  3 slices homemade type white 
bread, broken up and make coarse crumbs in a food processor.  Drizzle with 1 T. olive oil 
and use our fingers to rub the oil evenly into the crumbs.  Remove from the oven, sprinkle 
with crumbs, return dish to oven and bake 15 more minutes or until veggies are tender.  Let 
sit 10 minutes before serving.

Tortellini With Alfredo Sauce
16 oz. tortellini (cheese)1 1/2 c. heavy cream1 clove garlic
1/2 t. Italian seasoning1/2 c. Parmesansalt and pepper
Cook tortellini according to package directions.  Drain.  Transfer tortellini to a sauté pan over 
medium-high heat and immediately add cream, garlic, Italian seasoning and 1/4 c. Parmesan 
cheese.  Bring to a boil and heat, stirring occasionally, 7-10 minutes until sauce has 
thickened.  Season to taste with salt and pepper.  Top with remaining 1/4 c. Parmesan and 
serve.

Penne Alla Vodka
1 lb. penne pasta3/4 c. hamburger1 T. olive oil1 T. butter1 clove garlic
1/2 small red onion, diced1/2-1 t. red pepper3/4 c. deli ham, chopped1/2 c. vodka
1 c. tomato sauce or 2 c. tomato puree or crushed tomato1 c. heavy cream
1/2 c. Parmesansalt and pepper
Boil the pasta in salted water until al dente .  Drain.  While pasta is cooking, brown the 
hamburger in a pan over medium high heat for 3-5 minutes, breaking it up while it browns.  
When beef is done, remove and drain fat.  Return pan to heat and add olive oil, butter and 
garlic.  Sauté for about 1 minutes, being careful not to burn the garlic.  Add onion, ham and 
cooked beef, and sauté 3-5 minutes until onion is tender.   Remove pan from heat, add 
vodka, then return to heat.  Add tomato sauce and cream and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat 
to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally for 15-20 minutes.  Stir in Parmesan, and 
season to taste with salt and pepper.  Add pasta to the sauce, toss and serve 
immediately.

Macaroni Shells Florentine
20 jumbo macaroni shells1/2 c. finely chopped celery2 T. onion1 T. oil
2 c. cream style cottage cheese10 oz. chopped, thawed, drained spinach     1 egg
1/2 t. salt, oregano, and nutmegpepperparmesan sauce
Cook macaroni shells; drain.  Cook celery and onion in oil till tender but not brown; drain.  
Combine celery, onion, cottage cheese, cooked spinach, egg, salt, oregano, nutmeg, and 
pepper; mix well.  Fill shells with spinach mix.  Prepare Parmesan sauce, pour some on the 
bottom of a 12 x 7 baking dish.  Arrange shells in the cheese sauce in baking dish.  Cover 
with rest of sauce and cover with foil; bake at 350 for 45 minutes.   Uncover, sprinkle with 
parmesan cheese and cook another 15 minutes.  Can be made in advance and refrigerated 
until needed.  Either bring to room temperature or you may have to cook a few minutes 
longer. 

Parmesan Sauce:
In saucepan cook 2 T. chopped onion in 3 T. hot oil till tender but not brown; blend in 3 T. 
flour, 1/4 t. salt and pepper.  Stir in 1 1/2 c. milk and 3/4 c. chicken broth.  Cook, stirring 
constantly, until sauce is thickened and bubbly.  Stir in 1/4 c. grated Parmesan cheese. 

Cheesy Potato Packets
16 oz. frozen O’Brien potatoes1 T. v. oil1/2 t. seasoning salt      1 c. cheddar
Spray an 18 x 13 inch piece of foil with cooking spray.  Place potatoes on foil.  Drizzle with 
oil; sprinkle with salt.  Wrap foil around potatoes.  Put on grill with medium heat for 30 
minutes turning once.  Open packet; sprinkle cheese over potatoes.   Cover loosely and let 
stand for 4-5 minutes until cheese is melted.

Zucchini Casserole With Noodles
1/2 c. oil6 medium zucchini2 garlic8 oz. fresh mushrooms
14 oz. can tomatoes1 c. bread crumbs1 c. sour cream1 T. almonds
1 t. paprika1/2 c. Parmesan
Heat 3/8 c. oil in pan.  Sauté zucchini and remove from pan.  Put remaining oil in pan with 
garlic and mushrooms.  Sauté.  Add tomato and cook.  Add crumbs, sour cream, almonds 
and paprika.  Cook 1 minute.  Re add zucchini and stir.  Put in casserole dish and put 
cheese over.  Bake 30 min. at 350.  Serve over noodles.

Rachael Ray’s Hot and Cold Sesame Noodles
1/2 lb. spaghetti1/4 c. Tamari dark soy1/4 c. smooth peanut butter, micro for 15 
seconds2 T. cider or rice wine vinegar1 T. dark sesame oil1-2 T. hot sauce
2 c. shredded cabbage and carrot mix1 c. bean sprouts3 green onions
2 T. sesame seeds
Cook pasta to al dente, with a bite to it, then shock it to stop the cooking process by running 
it under cold water in colander.  Drain the pasta well.  In the bottom of a large bowl, whisk 
together soy, peanut butter, vinegar, oil, sesame oil, and hot sauce.   Add noodles and 
veggies and toss to combine the noodles and coat them evenly with sauce.  Sprinkle 
green onions and sesame seeds throughout and serve.

Jacket Potato with Bacon, Mushroom and Peppercorn Sauce (Paula Deen)
4 medium baking potatoes, well scrubbed12 oz. bacon, chopped
8 oz. button mushrooms1/4 c. brandy1 T. green peppercorns drenched in cold water
1 c. creamsalt and pepperbutter, for topping
Preheat over to 375.  Prick potatoes with fork and bake until soft, about 1 hour.  
Sauce:  Sauté bacon, add button mushrooms and cook until golden brown.  Pour brandy in 
measuring cup and then into the pan and carefully ignite with a long match.  After the alcohol 
burns off and the flame has died, stir in the peppercorns.  Stir in the cream and heat through 
without boiling.  Salt and pepper to taste.  Cut open potatoes.  Top each with a bit of 
butter, then cover generously with sauce.  I believe that I omitted the peppercorns and 
didn’t use as much bacon.

Edamame in Kung Pao Sauce (Sandra Lee)
1 lb. frozen, shelled edamame2 T. canola oil1/2 c. diced carrots
1/2 c. chopped onion1/2 c. Kung Pao sauce2 T. low sodium soy sauce
Bring a pot of salted water to a boil.  Add edamame and return to a boil.  Cook for 5 
minutes.  Drain and set aside.  In frying pan over medium heat add the oil and cook the 
carrots and onions until tender.  In bowl stir together kung pao sauce, soy sauce and red 
pepper flakes (if desired).  Add in edamame, carrots, and onions.  Toss until vegetables 
are coated.  Serve.

Herbed Artichoke Cheese Tortellini
1 can italian diced tomatoes   1 can artichoke hearts  9 oz. refrigerated tortellini
1 c. onion1/4 c. parsley2-4 t. dried basil1 t. garlic1/4 t. oregano
1/8 t. crushed red pepper flakes1/4 c. olive oil1 2 1/4 oz. drained sliced olives
1/4 t. salt1/8 c. grated Parmesan
Drain tomatoes, reserving 2/3 c. juice.  Drain artichokes, reserving 3/4 c. liquid; chop and set 
aside.  Cook tortellini.  In large skillet sate the onions, parsley, basil, garlic, oregano and 
pepper flakes in oil for 4-5 minutes or until onions are tender.  Add the reserved tomatoes, 
tomato juice and artichoke liquid.  Bring to a boil.  Reduce heat; simmer uncovered for 10-12 
minutes or until slightly thickened.  Drain tortellini; add to tomato mix.  Stir in olives, salt and 
reserved artichokes; heat through.  Sprinkle with parmesan. 

Roasted cabbage wedges
Preheat oven to 400.  Brush a rimmed baking sheet with 1 T. olive oil.  Place one med. 
head of cabbage, cut into 1 inch thick rounds, in a single layer on sheet and brush with 2 T. 
oil.  Season with coarse salt and gr. pepper, and sprinkle with 1 t. caraway or fennel seeds.  
Roast until cabbage is tender and edges are golden 40-45 minutes.  
Spanish Rice
2 cans diced tomato  box of  Zatarin’s spanish rice1/2 lb. bacon-small pieces 
fried-keep fat add lots of onion and sauté, put all into finished rice 1/4 t. crushed red pepper, 
can make early in the day  and microwave for 6-7 minutes can freeze and reheat

Veggie Noodle Side Dish
1 small julienned sweet red pepper3/4 c. green beans, carrots1/4 red onion
1 T. canola oil3 oz ramen noodles1 yellow squash1 med. zucchini
1/4 c. chicken broth1 T. soy sauce1 t. fajita seasoning mix
In wok, stir fry the pepper, green beans, carrots and onion for 4 minutes.  Meanwhile cook 
noodles discarding seasoning packet.  Add the remaining ingredients to the veggie mix.  
Cook until veggies are crisp tender.  Drain noodles and add to veggies and mix.